“When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you’ll be successful.” – Eric Thomas 
Whatever the mind can think and perceive, it can achieve. – Napolean Hill
“It doesn’t matter how slowly you go, as long as you don’t stop.” – Confucious
“The past cannot be changed, the future is yet in your power,”
“What you do today can improve all of your tomorrows.” – Ralph Marston
“Wake up determined go to bed satisfied.” – Dwayne Johnson
“Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities. Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers, you cannot be successful or happy.” Norman Vincent Peale
“If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.” – Napolean Hill
“Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented that you know and capable of more than you can imagine.” – Roy. T. Bennet
“Work hard in silence, let your success be your noise.”
“You begin by always expecting good things to happen.” – Tom Hopkins
“It always seems impossible until it’s done.” – Nelson Mandela
“Don’t stop when you’re tired. Stop when you are done.”
“Don’t limit your challenges, challenge your limits.”
“The most common way for people to give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any.” – Alice Walker
“The trouble is, if you don’t risk anything, you risk more.” – Erica Jong
“Only I can change my life, no one can do it for me,” – Carol Burnett
“People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do.” – Rob Siltanen
“One’s finds limits by pushing them.” – Herbert Simon
“Don’t watch the clock. Do what it does and keep going.” – Sam Levenson”Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragements and impossibilities: It is this that in all things, distinguishes the strong soul from the weak.” – Thomas Carlyle
“Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.” – Charles R. Swindol
“Life begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“I’ve never chased money. It’s always been about what I can do to motivate and inspire.” – Tyler Perry
“Success isn’t overnight. It’s when everyday you get a little better than the day before. It all adds up.” – Dwayne Johnson
“I am not a product of my circumstances, I am a product of my decisions.” – Steven Covey
“It’s not about perfect, it’s about effort every single day. That’s where transformation happens. That’s how change occurs.” – Jilian Michaels
“Don’t carry your mistakes around with you. Instead place them under your feet and use them as stepping stones to rise above them.”
“I didn’t get there by wishing for it or hoping for it, but by working for it.” – Estee Lauder
“I believe you can speak things into existence.” – Jay Z
“Challenges are gifts that force us to search for a new center or gravity. Don’t fight them. Just find a new way to stand.” – Oprah Winfrey
“To be successful, you must accept all challenges that come your way. You can’t just accept the ones you like.” – Mike Gafka
“Power to me is the ability to make change in a positive way/” – Victoria Justice
“Formal education will make you a living. Self education will make you a fortune.” – Jim Rohn
“Security is mostly a superstition. Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.” – Helen Keller
“Work hard in silence, let success be your noise.” – Frank Ocean
“Success isn’t about how much money you make, it’s about the difference you make in people’s lives.” Michelle Obama
“Live as if you were to die tomorrow, learn as if you were to live forever.” – Mahatma Gandi
“Life is hard, but so very beautiful.” – Abraham Lincoln
“The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we reach it.” – Michealangelo
“I am not judged by the number of times I fail, but by the number of times I succeed.” – Tom Hopkins
“Why do we close our eyes when we pray, cry, kiss or dream? Because the most beautiful things in life are not seen but felt by the heart.” – Denzel Washington
“Power is not given to you, you have to take it.” – Beyonce
“Be humble, be hungry, and always be the hardest worker in the room.” – Dwayne Johnson
“With a new day comes strength and new thoughts.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
“Leaders set high standards. Refuse to tolerate mediocrity or poor performance.” – Brian Tracy
“If it doesn’t challenge you, it doesn’t change you.”
“There is no passion to be found playing small in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living.” – Nelson Madela
“Dream big and dream fierce.” – Viola Davis
“Every failure is a lesson. If you are not willing to fail, you are not ready to succeed.”
“We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.” – Maya Angelou
“Don’t be afraid to give up the good for the great.” – John D. Rockefeller
“Courage doesn’t mean you don’t get afraid. Courage means you don’t let fear stop you.”
“We are all a little broken, but last time I checked, broken crayons still color the same.”
“If you want to be successful, prepare to be doubted and tested.”
“Vision is the art of seeing what is invisible to others.” – Johnathan Swift
“We can do no great things, only small things with great love.” – Mother Theresa
“Don’t let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.” – John Wooden
“Just because my path is different doesn’t mean I’m lost.”
“Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage.” –  Anais Nin
“Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.”
“I am not afraid of storms because I am learning how to sail my ship.” – Louisa May Alocott
“Leadership is the ability to get extraordinary achievement from ordinary people.” – Brian Tracy
“Never regret a day in your life. Good days give you happiness. Bad days give you experience.”
“To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream. Not only plan but also believe.” – Anatole France
“All journeys have secret destinations of which the travelers is unaware.” – Marin Buber
“Love your enemies because they tell you all your faults.” – Benjamin Franklin
“If’I had 6 hours to chop down a tree, I would spend the first 4 hours sharpening the axe.” – Abraham Lincoln
“Leap and the net will appear.” – John Burroughs
“You words can be powerful, they can hurt or uplift you, so think before you speak as every word counts.”
“Dream is not the thing you see in sleep, but it is that thing that doesn’t let you sleep.” – Dr. Abdul Kalam
“It’s not the load that keeps you down, it’s how you carry it.” – Lou Holtz
“Your mind is a powerful thing. When you fill it with positive thoughts, your life will start to change.” – Unknown
“When your work speaks for itself, don’t interrupt.” – Henry J. Kaiser
“Everybody is a genius, but if you judge a fish by it’s ability to climb a tree, it will live it’s whole life thinking it’s stupid.” – Albert Einstein
“Do you want to meet the love of your life? Look in the mirror” – Byron Katie
“Be patient with yourself. Self-growth is tender, it’s holy ground. There is no greater investment.” – Stephen Covey
“If you look at what you have in life, you’ll always have more. If you look at what you don’t have in life, you’ll never have enough.” – Oprah Winfrey
“Before you act, listen. Before you react, think. Before you spend, earn. Before you criticize, wait. Before you pray, forgive. Before you quit try.” – Earnest Hemingway
“I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not the one who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.” – Nelson Mandela
“Knowing is not enough we must apply. Wishing is not enough, we must do.” – Johann Wolfgang
“Good, better, best. Never let it rest. Til your good is better and your better is best.” – St. Jerome
“You’ll never change your life until you change something you do daily. The secret of your success if found in your daily routine.”
“Remember, no one can make you feel inferior without your consent.” – Eleanor Rosevelt
“Staying positive doesn’t mean that things will turn out okay. Rather it is knowing that you will be okay no matter how things turn out.”
“Someday everything will make perfect sense. So for now laugh at the confusion, smile through the tears and keep reminding yourself that everything happens for a reason.”
“What comes easy won’t last and what lasts won’t come easy.”
“Old ways won’t open new doors.”
“Don’t let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning.” – Robert Kiyosaki
“Integrity is the most valuable and respected quality of leadership. Always keep your word,” – Brian Tracy
“The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.” – H. Jackson Brown Jr.
“Be brave, take tisks. Nothing can substitue experience.” – Paulo Coelho
“You only fail when you stop trying.”
“A river cuts through rock, not because of it’s power but because of it’s persistence.”  – Jim Watkins
“With drive and a little talent, you can move mountains.” – Dwayne Johnson
“That some achieve great success is proof to all that others can achieve it as well.” – Abraham Lincoln
“We are all broken, that’s how light gets in.” Ernest Hemingway
“There are far, far better things ahead than any we leave behind.” – C.S. Lewis
“Creativity is intelligence having fun.” – Albert Einstein
“Vibrate so high that toxic people in your life fall back, because they no longer know how to approach you.”
‘The struggle you’re in today is developing the strength you need for tomorrow.”
“The best way to predict the future is to created it.” – Peter Drucker
“You will never find time for anything. If you want time, you must make it.” – Charles Burton
“What a wonderful thought it is that some of the best days of our lives haven’t happened yet.”
“If you believe in yourself, anything is possible.”
“Life is not measured by the number of breathes we take, but by the moments that take our breathe away.” – Maya Angelou
“Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover. – Mark Twain
“I don’t care what you think about me, I don’t think about you at all.” – Coco Chanel
“Ordinary can’t possibly be extraordinary without taking risk. You have to learn to be uncomfortable with being comfortable to truly reach your highest potential.” – Necole Bitchie
“You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it.” – Margaret Thatcher
“Courage is like a muscle, we strengthen it by use.” – Ruth Gordo
“Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.” – Vince Lombardi
“I survived because the fire inside me burned brighter than the fire around me.”
“You can waste your lives drawing lines. Or you can live your life crossing them.” – Shonda Rhimes
“You don’t want to look back now and know you could have done better.”
“Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground.” – Theodore Roosevelt
“The best view comes after the hardest climb.”
“Either you run the day, or the day runs you.” – Jim Rohn
“Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get.” – Ingrid Bergman
“Don’t wait on perfect conditions, just go ahead and do something.” – Dan Miller
Obstacles don’t have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don’t turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it. Go through it or work around it.” – Micheal Jordan
“Leadership reputations are mad or lost in times of crisis.” – Ken Chenault
“Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.” – Helen Keller
“There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve, the fear of failure.” – Paulo Coelhon”Tough times never last, but tough people do.” – Robert H. Schuller
“i’m stronger because I had to be. I’m Smarter because of my mistakes. I am happier because of the sadness I know and now wiser because I learned.”
“Dream big and dare to fail.”
“Remember that guy who gave up? Yeah neither does anyone else.”
“When you talk you are only repeating what you already know. But if you listen, you may learn something new.” – Dalai Lamaover
“Do not wait to strike til the iron is hot, but make it hot by sticking.” – William Butler
“A bird sitting on a tree is never afraid of the branch breaking, because her trust is no on the branch but on it’s own wings. Always believe in yourself.”
“Step by step and the thing is done.” – Charles Atlas
“Action is the foundational key to all success.” – Pablo Picasso
“Pain makes you stronger. Tears make you braver. Heartbreak makes you wiser. SO thank the past for a better future.” –
“I never lose, either I win or I learn.”
“Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise.” – Victor Hugo
“Stop waiting for good things to happen, go out and make them happen”
“Life is too short to wake up with regrets, so love the people who treat you right, forget about those who don’t believe. Everything happens for a reason, if you get a chance, take it. If it changes your life, let it. Nobody said life would be easy they just promised most likely be worth it.”‘The sun himself is weak when he first rises, and gathers strength and courage as the day sets on.” – Charles Dickens
“You can’t use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have.” – Maya Angelou
“Whatever your situation might be, set your mind to whatever you want to do and put a good attitude in it and believe that you can succeed.” – Bethany Hamilton
“We generate fears while we sit. We overcome them by action.” – Dr. Henry Link
“What you lack in talent can be made up with desire, hustle and giving 100% all the time.” – Don Zimmer
“The successful warrior is the average man with laser-like focus.” – Bruce Lee
“Life goes on. Whether you choose to move on and take a change in the unknown. Or stay behind, locked in the past thinking of could’ve been.” – Maria Robinson
“To win in the market place, you must first win in the workplace.” – Doug Conant
“To handle yourself, use your head. To handle others, use your heart.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
“People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy.” Tony Robbins
“The darker the night, the brighter the stars. The deeper the grief the closer is God.” – Fydor Dostoyevesky
“Follow your dreams, or you’ll spend the rest of the time working for someone who did.”
“Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.” – Helen Keller
“In the end, it is important to remember that we cannot become what we need to be by remaining what we are.” – Max De Pree
“Change is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish.” – Ovid
“I can’t change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust me sails to always reach my destination.” – Jimmy Dean
“Calm mind brings inner strength and self-confidence, so that’s very important for good health.” – Dalai Lama
“Appreciate where you are in your journey. Even if it’s not where you want to be. Every season serves a purpose.”
“To be the best, you must be able to handle the worst”
“Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations”
“Becoming is better than being.” – Herman Melville
“If you spend too much time thinking about one thing, you’ll never get it done.”
“Hardships often prepare ordinary people for extraordinary destiny. – C.S. Lewis
“Strength doesn’t come from what you can do. It’s comes from the things you once thought you couldn’t do.” Rikki Rogers
“If you don’t design your own life plan, chances are you’ll all into some else’s plan, and guess what they have planned for you? Not much.” – Jim Rohn
“Everyday might not be good, but there is good in everyday.”
“Wealth isn’t about having a lot of money it is about having a lot of options.””If you are working on something exciting that you really care about you don’t have to be pushed. The vision pulls you.” – Steve Jobs
“A man can be as great as he wants to be. If you believe in yourself and have the courage, the determination, the dedication, the competitive drive and if you are willing to sacrifice the little things in life and pay the price for the things taht are worthwhile. It can be done.” – Vince Lombardi
“You cannot live to please everyone else. You have to edify, educated and fulfill your own dreams and destiny.” – Viola Daivs
“I’ve come to believe that each of us has a personal calling that’s as unique as a fingerprint – and that the best way to succeed is to discover what you love and then find a way to offer it to others in form of service, working hard and also allowing the energy of the universe to lead you.” – Oprah Winfrey
“I have learned over the years that when one’s mind is made up, this diminishes fear.” – Rosa Parks
“Optimism is the one quality more associated with success and happiness than any other.” – Brian Tracy
“I never see failure as failure, but only as the game I must play to win.” – Tom Hopkins
“Be somebody who makes everyone feel like a somebody.”
“The only way to achieve the possible is to believe it is possible.” – Chlrles Kingsleigh
‘Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life.” Steve Jobs
“Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal. My strength lies solely in my tenacity.” – Louis Pasteur
“If you want to be successful in this world, you have to follow your passion, not a paycheck.” – Jen Welter
Kid, there are heroes and there are legends. Heroes get remembered, but legends never ide. Follow your heart, kid, and you’ll’ never go wrong.” – The Sandlot
“I fight while I can fight.” – Eminem
“I find that the harder I work, the more success I seem to have.” – Thomas Jefferson
” Sales are contingent upon attitude of the salesman. Not the attitude of the prospect.” – W. Clement Stone
“The key is not the will to win. Everybody has that. It is the will to prepare to win that is important.” – Bobby Knight
“Don’t worry about what others think. Most people don’t use their brain very often.” – Venkat Desireddy
“Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live.” – Norman Cousins
“Change your thoughts and you change your world.” – Norman Vincent Peale
“Life isn’t about finding yourself, it is about creating yourself.”
Don’t wait to reach your goal to be proud of yourself. Be proud of yourself every step you take.” – Karen Salmansohn
“An eye for eye only ends up making the whole world blind.” – M.K. Gandi
If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for ordinary.” – Jim Rohn
I’ve got a dream that’s worth more than my sleep.”
“Success is not final and failure is not fatal. It is the courage to continue that counts” – Winston Churchill
“The expert in anything was once a beginner.”
“Dreams don’t work if you don’t.”
“The flower doesn’t dream of the bee. It blossoms and the bee comes.” – Mark Nepo
“Your true success in life begins only when you make the commitment to be excellent at what you do.” – Brian Tracy
“Be not afraid of greatness. Some are born great, some achieve greatness and some have greatness thrust upon them.” – Williams Shakespeare
“I don’t have any time to stay up all night worry about what someone has to say about me.” – Viola Davis
“When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.”
“If you have the power to make someone happy, do it. The world needs more of that.”
“We aim above the mark to hit the mark” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Two things define you. Your patience when you have nothing and your attitude when you have everything.”
“I say luck is when an opportunity comes along and you are prepared for it.” – Denzel Washington
“If it is important to you, you will find a way, not an excuse.” – Ryan Blair
“Achieve your goals in silence.” – Imam Ali
“You can do anything you set your mind to.” – Eminem
“Our greatest weakness lies in giving up.. The most certain way to succeed is always to try one more time” – Thomas Edison
“Leadership is an action, not a position.” – Donald McGannon
“Make your life a masterpiece. Imagine no limitations on what you be, have or do.” – Bryan Tracy
“There are no limits to what you can accomplish, except the limits you place on your own thinking.” – Brian Tracy
“Every beautiful moment we have is a pearl, we thread on the necklace of our life. And every moment we enjoy makes our necklace more precious.” – Anonymous
“Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.” – Og Mandino
“A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.” – Ayn Rand
“When the well is dry, we know the worth of water.” – Benjamin Franklin
“Everything you ever wanted is on the other side of fear.” – George Addair
“If you hate starting over, stop quitting.”
“It is better to live for one day as a lion than for 1000 years as a sheep.” – Tibetan Proverb
“I will persist until I succeed. I was not delivered into this world into defeat, nor does failure course my veins. I am not a sheep waiting to be prodded by my shepard. I am a lion, and I refuse to talk, walk and to sleep with sheep. I will persist until I succeed.” Og Mandino
“The greatest fear in the world is the opinion of others and the moment you are unafraid of the crowd, you are no longer a sheep. You become a lion. A great roar arises in your heart. The roar of freedom.” – Osho
“Motivation is what gets you started. Habit Is what keeps you going.” – Jim Rohn
“The starting point of all achievement is desire.” – Napolean Hill
“Failure will never overtake me if my determination for succeed is strong enough.” – Og Mandino
“Ambition is the path to success. Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in.” – Bill Bradley
“The soul become dyed wit the color of it’s thoughts.” – Macrus Aurelius
“Failure is the key to success, each mistake teaches us something.” – Moriher Ueshiba
“Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement.” – W. Clement Stone
“Think like a queen, a queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another stepping stone to greatness.” – Oprah Winfrey
“Above all, Wawtch with glittering eyes the whole world around you. because the greatest secrets are always hidden in the most unlikely places. Those who don’t believe in the magic will never find find it.” – Raold Dahl
“If you wait, all that happens is you get older.” – Larry McMurtry
“Even if you are on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.” – Will Rogers
“If you give up on your dreams, what’s left?” – Jim Carrey
“As I get, I give. Giving as you get is critical. It has everything to do with being happy for yourself and making others happy is the cause of making yourself happy, and it’s the cycle of giving and getting.” – Russel Simmons
“If you really want the key to success, start by doing the opposite of what everyone else is doing.” – Brad Szollose
“You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take.”  – Wayne Gretzky
“She quietly expected great things to happen to her, and no doubt that’s one of the reasons why they did.” – Zelda Fitzgerald
“Accept then act. Whatever the present moment contains, accept it as if you had chosen it. This will miraculously change your whole life.” – Eckhart Tolle
“We only fail when we stop learning.” – Steve Krivda
“Failure will not overcome me so long as my will to succeed is stronger.” – Michael S. Kirby
“Don’t ever be afraid to dream too big. Nothing is impossible. If you believe in yourself, you can acheive it.” Nastia Linkin.
“The difficult thing is the decision to act. The rest is merely tenacity.” – Amelia Earhart
“How dare you settle for less when the world has made it so easy for you to be remarkable.” – Seth Godin
“Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.”
“Done is better than perfect.” – Sheryl Sandberg
“Pretend every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, “Make me feel important.” . Not only will you succeed in sales, you will succeed in life.” – Mary Kay Ash
“To be successful in sales today, it’s imperative to drop your sales mentality and start working with your prospects as if they already hired you.” – Jill Konrath
“Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.” – Aurthur Ashe
“Difficulties in your life don’t come to destroy you, but to help you realize your hidden potential.”
“If everything seems under control, you’re not going fast enough.” – Mario Andretti
“The secret to joy in work is contained in one word. Excellence. TO know how to do something well is to enjoy it.” – Pearl Buck
“Energy and persistence conquer all things.” – Benjamin Franklin
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.” – Albert Einstein 
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.” – Steve Jobs
“The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.” – Walter Bagehot
“Whey should you continue going after your dreams? Because seeing the look on the faces
“Without hustle, talent will only carry you so far.” – Gary Vaynerchuk
“Whatever you hold in your mind on a consistent basis is exactly what you will experience in your life.” – Tony Robbins
“Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.” – Joshua J. Marine
“The secret to change is not on fighting the old, but on building the new.” – Socrates
“If you set goals and go after them with all the determination you can muster, your gifts will take you places that will amaze you.” – Les Brown
“Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surrest stepping stones of success.” – Dale Carnegie
“The mark of a great man is one who knows when to set aside the important things in order to accomplish the vital ones.” – Brandon Sanderson
“You can’t connect the dots look forward, you can only connect them looking backward. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust something, you gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has bade all the difference in my life.” – Steve Jobs
“Follow your dreams, you can be whatever you want just try. Don’t be afraid. Think positive, accept changes. Believe in yourself. Never give up.”
“Ability is what your capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.”
“Complaining about a problems without posing a solution is called whining.” – Teddy Roosevelt
“The quieter you become the more you hear.” – Ram Dass
“We can’t help everyone, but everyone can help someone.” – Ronald Reagan
“Never will you have this day again, so make it count.”
“You can’t be both awesome and negative. Choose one.” – Karen Salmansohn
“Look in the mirror, that’s your competition.”
“Education is the passport to the future. For tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today.” – Malacom X
“Stress is caused by being here but wanting to be there.” – Eckhart Tolle
“One of the most important things you can accomplish is just being yourself.” – Dwyane Johnson
“Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.” – Micheal Jordan
“The first thing that has be to recognized is that one cannot train someone to be passionate. It’s either in their DNA or it’s not.” – Richard Branson
“Imagine no limitations Decide what’s right and desirable before you decide what’s possible” – Brian Tracy
“Wise men listen and laugh while fools talk.” – 50 Cent
“Life is short and it is here to be lived.” – Kate Winslet
“If you do not value your time, either will others. Stop giving away your time and talents, start charging for it.” – Kim Garst
“We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark, the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light.” – Plato
“Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can’t lose.” – Bill Gates
“Set your goals high, and don’t stop til you get there.” – Bo Jackson
“A ship is always safe at shore, but that is not what it’s built for.” – Albert Einstein
“Thinking should be your capital asset, no matter whatever ups and downs you come across in life.” – APJ Kalam
“The best revenge is massive success.” – Frank Sinatra
“I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure which is – try to please everybody.” – Herbert Bayard Swope
“The greatest glory lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.” – Nelson Mandela
“Don’t wait. The time will never be just right. Start where you stand and work with whatever tools you may have at your command and better tools will be found as you go along.” – George Herbert
“Remember sometimes not getting what you want is a wonderful stroke of luck.” – Dalai Lama
“It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.” – Aristotle Onassis
“All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.” – Walt Disnetyother
“Change your life, don’t gamble on the future. Act now, without delay.” – Simone De Beauvoir
“We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created the.” – Albert Einstein
“First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.” – Mahatma Gandi
“If you are afraid to fail, then you’re probably going to fail.” – Kobe Bryant
“You have to be odd to be No. 1.” – Dr. Suess
“If you are going through hell, keep going.” – Winston Chruchill
“Whether you think you can or you think you cant, you’re right.” – Henry Ford
“The secret to getting ahead is getting started.” – Mark Twain
“Don’t just stand there! Make something happen.” – Lee Iacocca
“Do or do not, there is no try.” – Yoda
“If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.” – Booker T Washington
“If you believe it will work out, you’ll see opportunities. If you believe it won’t you will see obstacles.” – Wayne Dyer
“A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week.” – George Patton
“Be so good they can’t ignore you.” – Steve Martin
“I want the peace in knowing that it wasn’t for lack of hustling that I missed a target or dream. I want to know that’s the one thing in my control.” – Jon Acuff
“Move our of your comfort zone. You can only grow if you are willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new” – Brian Tracy
“Certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those what capture the heart.” – Ancient Indian Proverb
“Don’t stay in bed unless you can make money in bed.” – George Burns
“There are three things you must do in order to become wealthy. You must have the right mindset, discover your purpose in life, and find a business that expresses that purpose.” Andly Fuehl
“A diamond is a chunk of coal that did well under pressure.” – Henry Kissinger
“Helping one person might not change the whole world, but it could change the world for one person.”
“Believe you can and your half way there.” – Theodore Rosevelt
“You learn more from failure than from success. Don’t let it stop you. Failure builds character.” – Unknown
“A wrong connection will give you a shock throughout your life, but the right one will light up your life.” – Leonardo DiCaprio
“Often any decision, even the wrong decision is better than no decision.” – Ben Horwitz
“Life doesn’t actually knock you down. It does, however provide you with many opportunities to evaluate your standing in life. What you stand on, what you stand for, how you stand within yourself and for yourself.” – Iyanala Vanzant\
“Don’t quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.” – Muhammad Ali
“Hard times do not create heroes. It is during the hard times when the hero within us is revealed.” – Bob Riley
“Being responsible sometimes pisses people off.” – Colin Powell
“I don’t believe in hope. Hope is a beggar. Hope walks through fire, faith leaps over it.” – Jim Carrey
“Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear – not the absense of fear.” – Mark Twain
“Success is walking from failure to failure without any loss of enthusiasm.” – Winston Churchill
“Luck always seems to be against the man who depends on it.”
“Success all depends on the second letter. U”
“We must all learn not only to fear change, but to embrace it enthusiastically and perhaps even more important.” – Tony Hsieh
“If you spend your life trying to be good at everything, you will never be great at anything.” – Tom Rath
“Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.” – Seneca
“If you cannot outplay them, outwork them.” – Ben Hogan
“You just can’t beat the person who never gives up.” – Babe Ruth
“The art of leadership is saying not, not saying yes. It is very easy to say yes.”
“Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.” – Dale Carnegie
“Press forward, do not stop, do not linger in your journey but strive for the mark set before you.” – George Whitefield
“The primary cause of unhappiness is never the situation. But your thoughts about it.” – Eckhart Tolle
“Sunny days would be so special if it wasn’t for rain. Joy wouldn’t feel so good if it wasn’t for pain.” – 50 Cent
“Don’t be afraid of what you want. This is your time the barriers are down.” – Morgan Freeman
“He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.” – Muhammad Ali
Three are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in the world: Those who are afraid, and those who are afraid you will succeed.” – Ray Goforth
“Don’t raise your voice, improve your argument.”
“The greatest discovery of any generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his attitude.” – Williams James
“When people point out your weaknesses, that’s just another opportunity for you to rise above. – Zac Efron
“Challenge yourself. It’s the only path to growth.” – Morgan Freeman
“Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly.” – Proverb
“To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.” – John Wooden
“People say motivation doesn’t last. Well neither does bathing. That’s why we recommend it daily.” – Zig Ziglar
“No matter how hard you work to bring yourself up, there’s someone out there working just as hard to put you down.” – Dr. Dre
“Personally I like aging, with age comes wisdom and I have said it before and I say it again. I will take wisdom over youth any day.” – Brad Pitt
“Faith is having the strength to trust in something that you can’t see with your eyes or prove scientifically.” – Miley Cirus
“When you walk up to opportunities door, don’t knock it. Kick that bitch in, smile and introduce yourself.” – Dwayne Johnson
“The greatest leader is not necessarily the one who does great things. He is the one that gets people to do the greatest things.” – Ronald Reagan
“Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.” – Williams James
“The man on top of the mountain didn’t fall there.” – Vince Lombardi
“Formula for success. Rise early, work hard, stroke oil.” J. Paul Getty
“Only you have the power to determine whether your future mimics your past.” – Skip Prichard
“Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.” – Henry Ford
“Not until we are lost do we begin to truly find ourselves.” – Henry David Thoreau
“If you can tune into your purpose and really align with it, setting goals so that your vision is an expression of that purpose, then life flows much more easily.” – Jack Canfield
“I always did something i was not ready to do. I think that’s how you grow. When there’s that moment of “Wow, I’m not really sure I can do this and you push through those moments, that’s when you have a breakthrough.” – Marissa Mayer
“Do you love life? Then do not squander time for that’s the stuff life is made of.” – Benjamin Franklin
“You can fail at something you don’t want, so you might as well take a chance at doing what you love.” – Jim Carrey
“Take every chance you get in life, because some things only happen once.” – Karen Gibbs
“Great minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events, small minds discuss people.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
“If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.” – Milton Berle
“Don’t persuade, defend or interupt. Be curious be conversational. Be real and listen.” – Elizabeth
“If you’re alive, you’re a creative person.” – Elizabeth
“I’d rather attempt to do something great and fail, than to attempt nothing and succeed.” – Robert H. Schuller
“I am going to use all my tools, my God-given ability, and make the best life I can with it.” – Lebron
“If something is wrong, fix it now. But train yourself not to worry, worry fixes nothing.” – Ernest Hemingway
“Well done is better than well said.” – Ben Franklin
“Where there is a will, there is a way. IF there is a chance in a million that you can do something, anything to keep what you want from ending. Do it. Pry the door open or if need be, wedge your foot in that door keep it open.” – Pauline Kael
“It’s always too early to quit.” – Norman Vincent Peale
“Don’t chase people. Be yourself, do your own thing and work hard. The right people – the ones who really belong in your life will come to you and stay.” – Will Smith
“The question isn’t who is going to let me, it’s who is going to stop me.” – Ayn Rand
Only put off tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.” Pablo Picasso
“The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.” – Elanor Roosevelt
“It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up” Vince Lombardi
“I attribute my success to this. I never gave or took any excuse.” – Florence Nightingale
“There will be obstacles, there will be doubters, there will be mistakes, but with hard work, there are no limits.” – Michael Phelps
“Average leaders raise the bar on themselves, good leaders raise the bar for others, great leaders inspire others to raise their own bar.” – Orrin Woodward
“Dream as if you’ll live forever, live as if you’ll die today.” – James Dean
“If you don’t stand up for something, you can fall for anything.” – Malcom X
“Success is liking yourself, liking what you do and liking how you do it.” – Maya Angelou
“Change the way you look at things, and the things you look at change” – Wayne Dyer
“One way to keep momentum is to have constantly greater goals.” – Michael Korda
“Why should you continue going after your dreams? Because seeing the look on other faces of the people who said you couldn’t will be pricelss.” – Kevin Ngo
“Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.” – Harriet Beecher Stow
“The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.” – Winston Churchill
“Life is an adventure, it’s not a package tour.” – Eckhart Tolle
“A winner is just a loser who tried one more time.” – Leonardo Dicaprio
“Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.” – Will Rodgers
“Start by doing what’s necessary, then do what’s possible, then suddenly you are doing the impossible.” – Francis of Assis
“You can make something of your life. It just depends on your drive.” – Eminem
“If you want to achieve greatness, stop asking permission.”
“Life is like a movie. Write your own ending. Keep believing, keep pretending.” – Jim Hensen
“Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life. Think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea at home. This is the way to success.” – Swami Vivekananda
Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value.” – Albert Einstein
‘Failure is condiment that gives success it’s flavor.” – Truman Capote
“Fear is going to be a player in your life, but you get to decide how much.” – Jim Carrey
“How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.” – Anne Frank
“The only people with you should try to get even with are those who have helped you.” – John E. Southard
“All progress takes place outside the comfort zone.” – Michael John Bobak
“As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others.” – Bill Gates
“Nothing is impossible, the word itself says “Im possible!”” – Audrey Hepburn
“If you hear a voice in your head that says “you cannot paint”, then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced.” – Vincent Van Gogh
“When one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us.” – Helen Keller
“What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.” – Plutarch
“The future depends on what you do today.” – Mahatma Gandhi
“People will forget what you said. People will forget what you did, but they will never forget how you made them feel.” – Maya Angelou
“Make each day a masterpiece.” – John Wooden
“In every job that must be done, there is an element of fun. You find the fun and snap, the job is a game.” – Mary Poppins
“Even when I was close to defeat, I rose to my feet.” – Dr. Dre
“Every negative is a positive, the bad things that happen to me, I somehow make good. That means you can’t do anything to hurt me.” – 50 Cent
“Do what you have to do, until you can do what you want to do.” – Denzel Washington
“I’ve learned that something constructive comes from every defeat,” – Tom Landry
“What if I fall? Oh, but my darling, what if you fly? – Erin Hanson
“When people are financially invested, they want a return. When people are emotionally invested, they want to contribute.” – Simon SInek
“If you light a lamp for someone else, it will also brighten your path.” – Buddha
“Absorb what is useful, discard what its useless and add what it specifically your own.” – Bruce Lee
“We must accept finite disappointment but never lose infinite hope.” – Martin Luther King
“Every strike brings me closer to the next homerun.” – Babe Ruth
“It’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years.” – Abraham Lincoln
“You just have to keep driving down the road. It’s going to bend and curve and you’ll speed up and slow down, but the road keeps going.” – Ellen DeGeneres
“If you can do what you do best and be happy, you’re further along in life than most people.” – Leonardo Dicapro
“A good leader is a person who takes a little more than his share of the blame and little less than his share of credit.” – John Maxwell
“At some pointing you have to divorce yourself from doing the things that other people want from you.” – Jim Carrey
“Dealing with back stabbers, there was one thing I learned, they’re only powerful when you’ve got your back turned.” – Eminem
‘I’ve missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times I’ve been trusted to take the game-winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed,” – Michael Jordan
“You can spend minutes, hours, days, weeks or even months over-analyzing a situation. Trying to put the peices together justifying what could’ve, would’ve happened. Or you can just leave the pieces on the floor and move the f*** on.” Tupac Shakur
“Even if you fall on your face, you are still moving forward.” – Victor Kiam
“Know your fears to your self, but share your courage with others.” – Robert Louis Stevenson
“I’ve failed over and over and over again and that is why I succeed.” – Michael Jordan
“Your own resolution to succeed is more important that any others.” – Abraham Lincoln
“Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we’ve been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.” – Barack Obama
“Start your day with prayer. Ask for wisdom. Ask for understanding. Don’t aspire to make a living, aspire to make a difference.” – Denzel Washington
“By putting in that intense form of stress, it makes regular life more peaceful.” – Joe Rogan
“If you can’t make it better, you can laugh at it.” – Erma Bombeck
“Forget about the fast lane. If you really want to fly, just harness your power to your passion.” – Oprah Winfrey
“I don’t dream at night, I dream at day. I dream all day. I dream for a living.” – Stephen Speilberg
“The world you desire can be won. It exists. It is real. It is possible. It is yours.”  – Ayn Rand
“Being a true badass no weight or gender requirement, just 100 percent commitment to greatness.” – Dwayne Johnson
“Motivation is when your dreams put on work clothes.” – Benjamin Franklin
“The power you have is to be the best version of yourself you can be, so you can create better world.” – Ashley Richards
“The best way out is always through.” – Robert Frost
“Not knowing you can’t do something is sometimes all it takes to do it.” – Ally Carter
“The only thing standing between you and your goal is the bullshit story you keep telling yourself as to why you can’t achieve it.” – Jordan Belfort
‘I mean I got everything I need right here with me. I got air in my lungs, a few blank sheets of paper. I mean, I love waking up in the morning not knowing what’s gonna happen or who I am going to meet, or where I am going to wind up.” – Jack Dawson (Titanic)
“I’m here to plant a seed today, that will inspire you to go forward in your life with enthusiastic hearts and a clear sense of wholeness. The question is, will that seed have a chance to take root? Or will i be sued by Monsanto.” – Jim Carrey (LAUGHED HARD at this one so had to include it!)
“It’s life. You don’t figure it out. You just climb up on the beast and ride.” – Rebecca Wells
“Speak softly and carry a big stick.” – Theodore Roosevelt
“There is only one way to avoid criticism. Do nothing. Be nothing. Say nothing.” – Aristotle
“”Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.”-  Robert Louis Stevenson
“Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition, they somehow know what you truly want to become.” – Steve Jobs
“Forget the pain, mock the pain. Reduce it and laugh.” – Jim Carrey
“Stop looking outside for scraps of pleasure and fulfillment, for validation, security or love. You have a treasure within that is infinitely greater than anything the world can offer.” – Eckhart Tolle
“Real courage is when you know you’re licked before you begin, but you begin anyway and see it through no matter what.” – Haprer Lee
“There is zero correlation between being the best talker and having the best ideas.” – Susan Cain
“You will never plow a field if you only turn it over in your mind.” – Irish Proverb
“Nothing is permanent in this wicked world, not even our troubles.” – Charlie Chaplin
“A normal life is boring.” – Eminem
“It isn’t the climb that wear you out, it is the pebble in your shoe.” – Muhammed Ali
“Each day provides it’s own gifts.” – Marcus Aurelius
“Sometimes you face difficulties, not because you have done something wrong, but because you have done something right”
“Learning never exhausts the mind.”-  Leonardo Da Vinci
“We must let go of the life we have planned so as to accept the one that is waiting for us.” – Joseph Campbell
:Whatever or do dream you can do. Begin it. Boldness has genius and power and magic in it.” – Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
“A dream doesn’t become a reality through magic. It takes sweat, determination and hard work.” – Colin Powell
“Genius is poor not paid.” – Oscar Wilde
“Do what you have to do until you can do what you want to do.” – Oprah Winfrey
“The day is what you make of it. SO why not make it a great one.” – Steve Schulte
“I am no longer accepting the things I can’t change, I am going to change the things I can’t accept.” – Angela Davis
“To move the world we must first move ourselves.” – Socrates
“Instead of wondering when your next vacation is, maybe you should set up a life you don’t need to escape from.” – Seth Godin
“Try to be a rainbow in someones cloud.” – Maya Angelou
“Success seems to be connect with action. Successful people keep moving. They mmake mistakes, but they don’t quit.” – Conrad Hilton
“Outstanding people have one thing in common. An absolute sense of mission.” – Zig Ziglar
‘You may kill me with your hatefulness but like air I’ll rise.” – Maya Angelou
“Find who you are in this world and what you need to feel good alone. I think that’s the most important thing in life.” – Angelina Jolie
“Your ability to adapt to failure, and navigate your way out of it, absolutely 100 percent makes you who you are.” – Viola Davis
“Every mountain top is within your reach if you just keep climbing. – Harry Finlay
“Sometimes you will never know the value of a moment until it becomes a memory.” – Dr. Suess
“When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.” – Paulo Coelho
“Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings.” – Salvador Dali
“You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you chose. You’re on your own. And you know what you know. And you are the one who’ll decide where to go.” – Dr. Suess
“Imitation is suicide.” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
“I can’t go back to yesterday because I was a different person then.” – Lewis Carroll
“Don’t go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first.” – Mark Twain
“You don’t need endless time and perfect conditions. Do it now. Do it today. Do it for 20 minutes and watch you heart start beating.” – Barbara Sher
“I have never learned anything from any man who agreed with me.” – Dudley Field Malone
“Those who don’t believe in magic will never find it” – Roald Dahl
‘If we challenge convention, we can solve any problem.” – Josh Valman
“I would visualize things coming to me. It would just make me feel better. Visualization works if you work hard. That’s the thing. You can’t just visualize and go eat a sandwhich.” – Jim Carrey
‘Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude.” – Ralph Harston
“It is never too late to be what you might have been.” – George Eliot
“If all you can do is crawl, then start crawling.” – Rumi
“Don’t worry about being worried. You’re heading out on an adventure and you can always change your mind along the way and try something else.” – Tracy Kidder
“If you are willing to do more than you are paid to do, eventually you will be paid to do more than you do.” – Anonymous
“What would you attempt if you knew you would not fail.” – Robert Schuller
“Whenever you see a successful person, you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them.” – Vaibhav Shah
‘I am not a product of my circumstances, I am a product of my decisions.” – Stephen Covey
“The number one reason people fail in life is that they listen to their friends, family and neighbors.” – Napoleon Hill
“You wouldn’t worry so much about what others think about you if you realized how seldom they do.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
“Life is like riding a bicycle. In order to maintain balance you must keep moving.” – Albert Einstein
“No matter where life takes me, find me with a smile.” – Mac Miller
“There is no mountain I cant climb. No tower too high. No plane that I can’t learn how to fly.” – Eminem
“If you aren’t sincere with it, you shouldn’t say anything at all.” – Dr. Dre
“Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing themselves.” – Leo Tolstoy
“Be the change you wish to see in the world.” – Ghandi
“Active thinking engages the gears of the most powerful tool there is for positive change and that tool is your mind.” – Byron Pulsifer
“Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.” – George Bernard Shaw
“I you always to what you have always done, you’ll always get what you’ve always got.” – Henry Ford
“They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.” – Andy Warhol
“I’m on the hunt for who I’ve not yet become.” –
I can’t change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.” – Jimmy Dean
“The secret of change is to focus all of your energy not on fighting the old, but building the new.” – Socrates
“Great things never came from comfort zones.” – Unknown
“Actually I just soke up one day and decided I didn’t want to feel like that anymore, or ever again. So I changed. Just like that.” –
“Change is inevitable. Growth is optional.”
“Change can hurt, be uncomfortable, and be difficult in the beginning. Remember this English Proverb: Just when the caterpillar thought the world was over, it became a butterfly.” Lisa Rusczyk
“Thefact that we can and do change your minds and our opinions indicate that we can also change or perceptions and the way we feel about things.” – John DeMartini
“If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor.” Eleanor Roosevelt
“When looking back doesn’t interest you anymore, your doing something right.”
“Life is about change, sometimes it’s painful. Sometimes it’s beautiful. But most of the time, it’s both.” Lana Lang
“Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change.” – Jim Rohn
“One reason people resist change is because they focus on what they have to give up instead of what they have to gain.” – Rick Goodwin
If it doesn’t challenge you, it won’t change you.
“You change your life, by changing your heart.” – Max Lucado
“The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it and join the dance.” – Alan W. Watts
“You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.” – C.S. Lewis
“Change is hard at first, messy in the middle and gorgeous in the end.” – Robin Sharma
“Nothing is permanent but change.” – Elbert Hubbard
“Change is the law of life. Those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss out on the future”. – John F. Kennedy
“The first step towards getting somewhere is to decide that you are not going to stay where you are.”
“Embrace failure. Missteps and roadblocks are inevitable but are ultimately an opportunity to learn, pivot and go after your goals with new perspective.” Jenny Fleiss
“Life has a remote, get up and change it yourself.” Mark A Cooper
“Change before you have to.” Jack Welch
“When people shake their heads because we are living in a restless age, ask them how they would be like to life in a stationary one, and do without change.” – George Bernard Shaw
“People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are usually the ones that do.”
“You’ll never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone. Change begins at the end of your comfort zone.” – Roy T. Bennett
“If you can’t change your fate, change your attitude.” – Amy Tan
“Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their mind cannot change anything.” George Bernard Shaw
“The price of doing the same thing old thing is far higher than the price of change.” -Bill Clinton
“Just when I think I have learned the way to live, life changes.” – Hugh Prather
“I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the waters to create many ripples.” – Mother Theresa
“Don’t change so people will like you. Be you and the right people will love you.”
“I’m going to make the rest of my life the best of my life.”
“Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change.” – Confucious
“Making a big life change is scary, but you know what’s even scarier? Regret.”
“Sometimes in the waves of change, we find our true direcion.”
“Pain doesn’t show in our lives for no reason at all. It’s a sign that sometimes that somethings gotta change and grow.”
“Change is not something that we should fear. Rather, it is something that we should welcome. For without change, nothing in this world would ever grow or blossom. And no one in the world would ever move forward to become the person they’re meant to be.” – BKS Iyengar
“You can’t change what’s going on around you until you start changing what’s going on within you.”
“Change will lead to insight far more often than insight will lead to change.” Milton Erickson
“Today I have the power to change my story.”
“The world hates change, yet it is the only thing that has brought progress.” – Charles Kettering
“All change can be expansive in potential, the choice is ours.” – Julia Cameron
“Change your life today. Don’t gamble on the future, act now without delay.” – Simone de Beauvoir
“Sometimes it’s the smallest decisions that can change your life forever.” – Kerri Russel
“A proactive person is someone who tends to initiate change rather than reacting to events.” Jeffrey Morales
” People underestimate their capacity for change. There is never a right time to do a difficult thing.” – Andy Warhol
“I am no longer accepting the thing I cannot change. I am changing the things I cannot accept.”
“If we don’t change, we don’t grow. If we don’t grow, we aren’t really living.” – Gail Sheehy
“If nothing ever changed, there’d be no butterflies.”
“We are not the same persons this year as last; nor are those we love. It is a happy chance is we, changing, continue to love a changed person.” – W. Somerset Maugham
“Change your thoughts and you’ll change your world.”
“The key to the ability to change is a changeless sense of who you are, want you are about and what you value.” – Stephen Covey
“Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes. Don’t resist them, that only creates sorrow. Let reality be reality. Let things flow naturally forward in the whatever way they like.” Lao Tsu
” You don’t need t to become a better person before you make changes in you’re life. You make changes so you can become better person in someone else’s life.”
“Your life is a result of the choices you make… If you don’t like your life, it is time to start making better choices.”
“Sitting on your butt, pissed off and bitter about your life isn’t going to change anything. You have to get up, get out and make change happen. If you wait you’ll have to fight for it.”
“You cannot change the people around you but you can change the people you choose to be around.”
“Sometimes our lives have to be completely shaken up, changed and rearranged to relocate us to the place we are meant to be.”
“Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise so I am changing myself.” – Rumi
“To improve is to change, to be perfect is to change often.” – Winston Churchill
“If you are not obsessed with your life, change it.”
“The world as we have created is a process of our thinking. It cannot be changed without change our thinking.” – Albert Einstein
“Sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together.” _ Marilyn Monroe
“When your finished changing, your finished.” – Benjamin Franklin
Sometimes the slightest things change the directions of our lives. the merest breath of a circumstance, a random moment connects like a meteorite striking the earth. Lives have swivelled and changed direction on the strength of a chance remark.” – Bryce Courtenay
“When someone says “you’ve changed” it simply means you’ve stopped living your life their way.”
“Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.” – Andre Gide
“May the bridges I burn light the way.” – Dylan Mckay
“The secret to change is to focus all of your energy not on fighting the old, but building the new.” – Dan Millman
“Change will not come if we wait for some other person, or if we wait for some other time. We are the ones we’ve been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.” – Barack Obama
“Change is the end result from all true learning.” – Leo Buscaglia
“Whatever makes you uncomfortable is your biggest opportunity for grown.” – Bryant McGill
“Don’t be afraid to change. You may lose something good but you may gain something better.”
“If you don’t like something change it. If you can’t change it, change your attitude.” – Maya Angelou
“I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it.” Maya Angelou
Some changes look negative on the surface but you will soon realize taht space is being created in your life for something new to emerge.” – Echart Tolle
“The more you adapt, the more interesting you are.” Martha Stewart
“Lay the foundation with bricks others throw at you.” – David Brinkley
“In a chronically leaking boat, energy devoted to changing vessels is more productive than energy devoting to patching leaks.” – Warren Buffet
“All changes, even the most longed for, have their melancholy; for what we leave behind us is a part of ourselves; we must die to one life before we can enter another.” – Anatole France
“It is not necessary to change. Survival is not mandatory.” – W. Edwards Deming
“Change brings about insecurity, but is also enables development and progress. – Dr. T.p. Chio
“You must tell yourself, no matter who hard it gets, I’m going to make it.” – Les Brown
“The curious paradox is that when I accept myself just as I am, then I change.” – Carl R Rogers
” A wise man changes his mind, a tool never will.”
“We can’t change the cards we are dealt, just how we play the game.”
“Change your thoughts and you change your world.” Norman Vincent Peale
“If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.” – Wayne Dyer
“It’s doesn’t matter where you are, you are nowhere compared to where you can go.” Bob Proctor
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.” – Maria Robinson
“Your never change things by fighting the existing reality. To change something, build a new model that makes the existing model obsolete.” – Buckminister Fuller
“In one minute you can change your attitude and in that minute you can change your entire day.” Spencer Johnson
“All great changes are preceded by chaos.” – Deepak Chopra
“To know the world, first know yourself. To change the world, first change yourself.”
“Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened.” – Dr. Suess
“True happiness is to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future.” – Lucius Annaeus Seneca
“Let no one ever come to you without leave better and happier. Be the living expression of God’s kindness. Kindness in your face, kindness in your eyes, kindness in your smile.” Mother Theresa
“I only have two kinds of days, happy and hysterically happy.” – Allen J Lefferdink
“So we shall let the reader answer this question for himself. Who is the happier man, he who has braved the strom of life and lived or he who has stayed securely on the shore and merely existed?” – Hunter S Thompson
“Happiness is the default state. Its what’s there when you remove the sense that something is missing in life.” – Naval Ravikant
“Be happy and a reason will come along”
“The grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love and something to hope for.” George Washington Burnap
“Real happiness is cheap enough, yet how dearly we for it’s counterfeit.” Hosea Baliou
“Happiness is something that comes into our lives through doors we don’t even remember leaving open.” Rose Lane
“You will be exactly as happy as you decide to be”
“How simple it is to see that we can only be happy now, and here will never be a time when it is not now.” Gerald Jampolsky
“Happiness isn’t the absence of problems, it’s the ability to deal with them.” – Seve Maraboli
“Someday you’ll look back and understand why it all happened the way it did”
“Be happy in the moment, that’s all we need. Not more.” Mother Theresa
“To be kind to all, to like many and love a few, to be needed and wanted by those we love, is certainly the nearest we can come to happiness.” – Martha Stewart
“Take the time to do what makes your soul happy”.
“Folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.” – Abraham Lincoln
“Man only likes to count his troubles, he doesn’t calculate his happiness.” – Fyodor Dostoyevsky
Happiness is the ability to love others”. – Leo Tolstoy
“Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know.” – Ernest Hemingway
“Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happienss is the spiritual experiece of living every minute with love, grace and gratitude.” – Denis Waitley
I’d far rather be happy than right any day” – Douglas Adams
“People should find happiness in the little things, like family.” – Amanda Bynes
“It’s so hard to forget pain, but it’s even harder to remember sweetness. We have no scar to show for happiness. We learn so little from peace.” – Chuck Palahniuk
“Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing you will be successful. Albert Schweitzer
“To key to being happy is knowing you have the power to choose what to accept and what to let go.” Dodinksy
“Happiness is holding someone in your arms and knowing you hold the whole world.” Orhan Pamuk
“Those who can laugh without cause have either fond the true meaning of happiness or have gone stark raving mad.” – Nrom Papernick
“Happiness is a constant work in progress, because solving problems is a constant work ini progress, the solutions to todays problems will lay the foundations for tomorrow’s problems and so on. True happiness occus only when you find problems you enjoy having and enjoy solving.” – Mark Manson
“One of the keys to happiness is a bad memory” – Rita Mae Brown
“No medicine cures what happiness cannot.” Gabriel Garcia Marquez
“Life is short. Break the rules. Love truly. Laugh uncontrollably and never regret anything that makes you smile.” – Mark Twain
” Happiness is not an ideal of reason, but of imagination.” – Immanuel Kant
“It’s the moments that I stopped just to be, rather than do, that have given me true happiness.” Richard Branson
“Happiness is letting to of what you think your life is supposed to look like and celebrating it for everything that it is.
“Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.” – Thich Nhat Hanh
“I am happy which often looks crazy.” David Henry Hwang
“In our lives, change is unavoidable, loss is unavoidable. In the adaptibility and ease with which we experience chance, lies our happiness and freedom. – Buddha
“Happiness starts with you. Not with your relationships, not with your job, not with your money, but with you.”
Stop waiting for Friday, for someone to fall in love with you, for life. Happiness is achieved when you stop waiting for it and make the most of the momemnt you are in now.”
“Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.” – Mahatma Gandhi
“Do what makes you happy. Be with those who make you smile. Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.”
“If you want to give light to others, you have to glow yourself.”
“Worry never robs tomorrow of it’s sorry. It only saps today of its joy.” Leo Buscaglia
“Be fearless in the pursuit of what sets your soul on fire.”
“Happiness held is the seed, happiness shared is the flower.” John Harrigan
“Always remember to be happy because you never know who’s falling in love with your smile.”
“Happiness is the secret to all beauty. There is no beauty without happiness.” Christian Dior
“If you don’t have a smile, ill give you mine.”
“If you want to be happy, set a goal that commands your thoughts, liberates your energy and inspires your hopes.” – Andrew Carnegie
“When it rains look for rainbows, when its dark look for stars.”
“Plent of people miss their share of happiness, not because they never found it, but because they didn’t stop to enjoy it.” – William Feather
“If you want happiness for an hour,, take a nap. If you want happiness for a day, go fishing. If you want happiness for a lifetime, help someone else.” Chinese Proverb
Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of our future happiness.” Steve Maraboli
“Life will bring you pain all by itself, your responsibility is to create joy.” –  Milton Erickson
“I must learn to be content with being happier than I deserve.” Jane Austen
“Today I will be happier than a bird with a french fry.”
“Learn to let go, that is the key to happiness” – Buddha
“The happiness which is lacking makes on think even the happiness one has unbearable.” Joseph Roux
“Who is the happiest of men? He who values the merits of others, and in their pleasure, takes joy even as though it were his own.” – Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
“Happiness is distraction from the human tragedy.” J,M. Reinoso
You can’t change how people feel about you so don’t try. Just live your life and be happy.”
“A well developed sense of humor is the pole that adds balance to your steps as you walk the tightrope of life.” – WIlliam Arthur Ward
“You cannot protect yourself from sadness without protecting yourself from happiness.” – Jonathan Safran Foer
“In our daily lives, we must see that it is not happiness that makes us grateful, but the gratefulness that makes us happy.” Albert Clarke
“The present moment if filled with joy and happiness. If you are attentive, you will see it.” Thich Nhat Hanh
“If you aren’t grateful with what you have, what makes you think you would be grateful with more.”
“The only happiness in life is to love and be loved.” – George Sand
“Smile. It is the key that fits the lock over everybody’s heart.” – Anthony J D’Angelo
“I am not bound to win, I am bound to be true. I am not bound to succeed, but I am bound to live up to the light I have.” Abraham Lincoln
“Look at everthing as though you were seeing it either for the first or the last time. Then your time on earth will be filled with glory.” Betty Smith
“The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance. The wise grows it under his feet.” James Oppenheim
“Take responsibility for your own happiness, never put it in other people’s hands.” – Roy T. Bennett
“The best way to try to cheer someone up is try to cheer yourself up.” Mark Twain
“It is more fitting for a man to laugh at life than to lament over it.” – Seneca
“Our days are happier when we give people a piece of our heart rather than a piece of our mind.”
“Don’t put the key to your happiness in someone else’s pocket.:
“I like people who smile when it’s raining.”
“The talent for being happy is appreciating and liking what you have, instead of what you don’t have.” – Woody Allen
“Happiness is not the absence of problems, it’s the ability to deal with them.” Steve Maraboli
“Surround yourself with people who get you.”
“The first recipe for happiness is, avoid too lengthy meditation on the past.” – Andre Maurois
“The best feeling of happiness is when you’re happy because you’ve made somebody else happy.”
“Judge nothing, you will be happy. Forgive everything you will be happier. Love everything, you will be happiest.” – Sri Chinmoy
“As people spin faster and faster in the pursuit of merely personal happiness, they become exhausted in the futile effort of chasing themselves.” Andrew Delbancosp
“Laughter is the sunbeam of the soul.” Thomas Mann
“Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are.” Marianne Williamson
“Nobody really cares if your miserable, so you might as well be happy, and make the most of where you are.” – Germany Kent
“The constant happiness is curiousity.” – Alice Munro
“Whoever is happy will make others happy.”
“Indeed, man wishes to be happy even when he so lives as to make happiness impossible.” St. Augustine
“The true secret of happiness lies in the taking of genuine interest in all the details of daily life.” – William Morris
“Anyone can make you smile but only certain people can make you happy.”
“Happiness is an inside job. Don’t assign anyone else that much power over your life.” – Mandy Hale
“LIfe is better when your laughing.”
“Enjoy it. Because it’s happening.” Stephn Chbosky
“When the first baby laughed for the first time, its laugh broke into a thousand pieces, and they all went skipping about, and that was the beginning of fairies.” J.M. Barrie
“If you want a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to objects.” Albert Einstein
“A smile is happiness you’ll find right under your nose.” Tom Wilson
“The unhappy derive comfort from the misfortunes of others.” Aesop
“The happiest people in the world are those who feel absolutely terrific about themselves, and this is the natural outgrowth of accepting to responsibility for every part of their life.” – Brian Tracy
“Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination.” – Mark Twain
“You know why it’s hard to be happy? Because you find it hard to let go of things that make you sad.”
“Party hard, make mistakes, laugh endlessly. Do things you’re afraid to do. Afterall, you only live once.”
“Kindness is free. Sprinkle that stuff everywhere.”
“Optimism is a happiness magnet. If you stay positive, good things and good people will be drawn to you.” – Mary Lou Rerron
“I believe compassion to be one of the few things we can practice that will bring immediate and long-term happiness to our lives.” – Dalai Lama
“The only way to find true happiness is to risk being completely cut open.” – Chuck Palahniuk
“Happiness is a choice, choose to be happy. There’s going to be stress in life, but it’s your choice. whether you let it affect you or not.” – Valeria Bertinelli
“Happiness consists of living each day as if it were the first day of your honeymoon and the last day of your vacation.” Leo Tolstoy
Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move On. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.” Steve Maraboli
“Some days are just bad days, that’s all. You have to experience sadness to know happiness, and I remind myself that not every day is going to be a good day, that’s just he way it is.”
“If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, passion compassion.” Dalai Lama
“Now and then it’s good to pause in our pursuit of happiness and just be happy.” – Guillaume Apollinaire 
Happiness is not about collecting material things or beautiful memories. It’s about having a deep feeling of contentment and knowing that life is a blessing.”
“Happiness isn’t about getting what you want all the time. It’s about loving what you have and being grateful for it.”
“Follow your bliss and don’t be afraid, and doors will open where you didn’t know they were going to be.” – Joseph Campbell
“If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm, you'”ll never enjoy the sunshine.” Morris West
“THe happier you are, the more beautiful you become.”
“Those who move forward with a happy spirit will find that things will always workout.” Gordon B Hunckley
“Two things prevent us from happiness, living in the past and observing others.”
“Being happy doesn’t mean that everything is perfect. It means that you’ve decided to look beyond the imperfections.” Gerard Way
“Happiness comes when we stop complaining about the troubles we have and offer thanks for all the troubles we don’t have.”
“Happiness is the only good. The time to be happy is now. The place to be happy is here. The way to be happy is to make others so.” = Robert Green Ingresoll
“Even the smallest shift in perspective can bring about the greatest healing.” Joshua Kai
“All happiness depends on courage and work.” – Honore de Balzac
“Happiness is not something read made. It comes from your own actions.” – Mahatma Ghandi
“I am very happy because I have conquered myself and not the world. I am very happy because I have loved the world, not myself.” Sri Chinmoy
“Being happy doesn’t mean everyting is perfect. It means you’ve decided to look beyond the imperfections.” – Unkown
“Happiness isn’t a station we arrive at, but a manner of traveling.” Margaret Lee Runbeck
“Happiness? That’s nothing more than health and a poor memory.” – Albert Schweitzer
“Stop looking for happiness in the same place you lost it.”
“Be happy it drives people crazy.”
“Surround yourself by those who make you happy”.
“Happiness is a choice, not a result. Nothing will make you hapy until you choose to be happy. No person will make you happy unless you decide to be happy. Your happiness will not come to you. It can only come from you.” – Ralph Marston
“Happiness doesn’t depend on any external conditions, it is governed by our mental attitude.” – Dale Carnegie
“There is only one person who could ever make you happy and that person is you.” – David Burns
“An essential component of being happy is being grateful.”
“The key to being happy is knowing you have the power to choose what to accept and what to let go.” Dodinsky
“Just be happy, do whatever makes you happy. There’s really no reason to be stressed.”
“Happiness makes up in height what it lacks in length.” – Robert Frost
“Happiness doesn’t start when this, that or the other thing is resolved. Happiness is what happens now when you appreciate what you have.” Senora Roy
“Family, friends, a good laugh and beautiful weather are the best cures.” – Bar Refaeli
“After the rain, the sun will reappear. There is life. After the pain, the joy will still be here.” – Walt Disney Company
“What a wonderful life, I only wish I’d realized it sooner.” Colette
“Happiness and confidence are the prettiest things you can wear.” Taylor Swift
“Be the reason somebody smiles today.”
“Frugality is one of the most beautiful and joyful words in the English language, and yet one that we are culturally cut off from understanding and enjoying. The consumption society has made us feel that happiness lies in having things, and has failed to teach us the happiness of not having things.” Elise Boulding
“Happiness doesn’t depend on what we have, but it does depend on how we feel toward what we have. We can be happy with little and miserable with much.” – William D. Hoard
“It is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness.” – Charles Spurgeon
“A man wants to earn money in order to be happy, and his whole effort and the best of a live are devoted to the earning of that money. Happiness is forgotten. The means are taken for the end.” Albert Camus
“Making one person smile can change the world. Maybe no the whole world but their world. Start small. Start now.”
“Everyone wants happiness but nobody wants pain. But you can’t have a rainbow without a litte rain.”
“Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle and the life of a candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.” Buddha
“Those who are not looking for happiness are the most likely to find it, because those who are searching forget that the surest way to be happy is to seek happiness for others.” Martin Luther King
“Always find opportunities to make someone smile and to offer random acts of kindness in everyday life.” – Roy T Bennett
“It is the mark of the spirit of rebellion to crave for happiness in this life.” – Henrik Ibsen
“To be happy, we must not be too concerned with others.” Albert Camus
“The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams” – Oprah Winfrey
“I just find myself happy with the little things. Appreciating the blessings God gave me.” DMX
“Learn to value yourself, that means fight for your happiness.” – Ayn Rand
The most important thing is to enjoy your life, to be happy, that’s all that matters.” Audrey Hepburn
“Sadness gives depth. Happiness gives height. Sadness gives roots. Happiness gives branches. Happiness is like a tree going into the sky and sadness is like the roots going down into the womb of the earth. Both are needed, and the higher the tree goes, the deeper it goes, simultaneously. The bigger the tree, the bigger will be the roots. In fact, it is always in proportion. That’s it’s balance.” – Osho
“Spread the love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.” Mother Theresa
You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.” – Albert Campus
“Happiness is a mystery like religion, and it should never be rationalized.” G.K. Chesterton
“Waiting for someone else to make you happy is the best way to be sad.”
Your life may not be full of reasons to be happy. But your life itself is the reason to be happy.” – Anurag Prakash Ray
“There is a big difference between settling and being truly happy. Life is short, never settle for less than anything you deserve.”
Don’t let the little things steal your happiness.”
“The pain that you’ve been feeling can’t compate to the joy that’s coming.” Romans 8:18
“The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourseves happy. The amount of work is the same.” Carlos Castaneda
“Happiness is a choice. You can choose to by happy. There is going to be stress in life, but it’s your choice whether you let it affect you or not.” – Valerie Bertinelli
“Maybe the truth is, there’s a little bit of loser in all of us. Being happy isn’t having everything in your life be perfect. Maybe it’s about stringing together all the little things. ” – Ann Brashares
Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears.” – John Lennon
“Happiness is an accident of nature, a beautiful and flawless aberration.” Pat Conroy
“Happiness is like those palaces in fairytales whose gates are guarded by dragons. We must fight in order to conquer it.” – Alexandre Dumas
“Happiness is the natural flow of duty.” – Phillips Brooks
“Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action.” – Williams James
“Happiness is a risk. If you’re not a little scared, then you’re not doing it right. ” – Sarah Addison Allen
“Pleasure is very seldom found where it is, sought. Our brightest blazes are commonly kindled by unexpected sparks.” Samuel Johnson
“To be happy, you mus fancy that everything you have is a gift, and you the chosen, though you have worked you tail off for every bit of it.” Robert Brault
Do whatever makes you happy because in the end you’re the only one who is guaranteed to be there for yourself.”
“There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.” – Epictetus
“The moments of happiness we enjoy takes us by surprise. It is not that we seize them, but that they seize us” Ashley Montagu
“Our capacity to draw happiness from aesthetic objects or materia goods in fact seems critically dependent on our first satisfying a more important range of emotional or psychological needs among them the need for understanding, for love, expression and respect.” Alain De Botton
“Happiness, not in another place, not for another hour, but this hour.” – Walt Whitman
“Everyone wants to live on top of the mountain, but all the happiness and growth occurs while your climbing it.” – Andy Rooney
“Laughter is poison to fear.” – George RR Marti
“Happiness is a direction, not a place.” – Sydney J. Harris
“in our lives, change is unavoidable, loss is unavoidable. In the adaptability and ease with which we experience change, lies our happiness and freedom.” Buddha
“A happy person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances, but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes.” Hugh Downs
“Of all forms of caution, caution in love is perhaps the most fatal to true happiness.” – Bertrand Russel
“Happiness is a place between too much and too little.” Finnish Proverb
“I’m choosing happiness over suffering, I know I am. I’m making space for the unknown future to fill up my life with yet to come surprises.” Elizabeth Gilbert
“For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Some cause happiness wherever they go, others whenever they go.” Oscar Wilde
“Those who do not know how to see the precious things in life will never be happy.” – Alex Flinn
“We are better off trying to be happier than to be happy.” Gretchen Rubin
“Happiness depends on what you decide to look for” – Toni Powell
“The art of happiness lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things.” – Henry Ward Beecher
“True happiness comes from the joy of deeds well done, the zest of creating new things.” – Antoine de Saint-Exupery
“THe reason people find it so hard to be happy is that they always see the past better than it was, the present worse that it is and the future less resolved than it will be.” – Marcel Pagnol
“Gnerally speaking, the most miserable people I know are those who are obsessed with themselves. The happiest peole I know are those who lost themselves in the service of others. By and large, I have come to see that if we complain in life, it’s because we are thinking of ourselves.” – Gordon B. Hinckley
“If only we’d stop trying to be happy we could have a pretty good time,.” Edith Wharton
“I’ve learned from experience that the greater part of our happiness or miserty depends on our dispositions and not on our circumstances.” Martha Washington
 “Happiness is the meaning and purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence.” – Aristotle
“Happiness is a function of accepting of what is.” – Werner Erhard
“Very little is needed to make a happy life. It is all within yourself and in your way of thinking.” – Aristotle
“Happiness is only real when shared.” – John Krakauer
“My happiness is not the means to any end. It is the end. It is it’s own goal. It is its own purpose.” – Ayn Rand
“If you want to be happy, be. – Leo Tolstoy
“There are two things to aim at in life, first to get what you want, and after that to enjoy it. Only the wises of mankind achieve the second.” – Logan Pearsall Smith
“Let us be grateful for those who make us happy, they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.” Marcel Proust
“Ture happiness is not attained through self-gratification, but through fidelity to a worth purpose.” Hellen Keller
“Happiness is a state of activity.” – Aristotle
“The greatest happiness you can have is knowing that you do not necessarily require happiness.” – William Saroyan
“The supreme happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved, loved for ourselves, say rather, loved in spite of ourselves.” – Victor Hugo
“Happiness is not a goal, it’s a by-product.” Eleanor Roosevelt
“Happiness is the experience of loving life. Being happy is being in love with that momentary experience. And love is looking at someone or even something and seeing the absolute best in him/her or it. Love is happiness with what you see. So love and happiness really are the same thing, just expressed differently.” Robert McPhillips
“Happiness is settle of the soul into its most appropriate spot.” Aristotle
“Happiness is not achieved by the conscious pursuit of happiness, it is generally created by the byproduct of other activities.” Aldous Huxley
“Happiness is the consequence of personal effort. You fight for it, strive for it, insist upon it, and sometimes even travel around the world looking for it. You have to participate relentlessly in the manifestations of your own blessings. And once you have achieved a state of happiness, you must never become lax about maintaining it. You must make a mighty effort to keep swimming upward into that happiness forever to stay afloat on top of it.” – Elizabeth Gilbert
“You can’t be happy unless you’re unhappy sometimes.” Lauren Oliver
“Most people would rather be certain their miserable, than to risk being happy.” Robert Anthony
Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make, makes you. Choose wisely.” – Roy T Bennett
Don’t waste your time in anger, regrets, worries and grudges. Life is too short to be unhappy.” – Roy T Bennett
“Dance. Smile. Giggle. Marvel. TRUST. HOPE. LOVE. WISH. BELIEVE. Most of all, enjoy every moment of the journey and appreciate where you are at this moment instead of always focusing on how far you have to go.” Mandy Hale
“Everything is a gift of the universe, even joy, anger jealousy, frustration or seperateness. Everything is perfect either for our growth or our enjoyment.” Ken Keyes Jr.
“Happiness comes only when we push our brains and hearts to the farthest reaches of which we are capable.” – Leo Rosten
“We can’t control the world. We can only (barely) control our own reactions to it. Happiness is largely a choice, not a right or entitlement.” David C Hill
“Nobody can be uncheered with a balloon.” – Winnie the Pooh
“If you look to others for fulfillment, you will never be fulfilled. If your happiness depends on money, you will never be happy with yourself. Be content with what you have, rejoice in the way things are. When you realize nothing is lacking, the world belongs to you.” Lao Tzu
“Why should we build our happiness on the opinions of others, when we can find it in our own hearts.” Jean Jacques Rousseau
“The good life doesn’t knock on the door. Joy is a job.” Lionel Shriver
“True happiness arises, in the first place from enjoyment of one’s self.” Joseph Addison
“Success will be within your reach only when you start reaching for out for it.” – Stephen Richards
“The only thing that will make you happy is being happy with who you are and not the people who think you are.” – Goldie Hawn
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the starts.” Oscar WIlde
“Happinessis not something you postpone for the future, it is something you design for the present.” – Jim Rohn
“If you are too busy to laugh, you are too busy.” – Proverb
“A great obstacle to happiness is to expect too much happiness.” – Bernard de Fontenelle
“Men can only be happy when they do not assume that the object of life is happiness.” George Orwell
“The grass is only greener where you water it.” – Unknown
“When I was 5 years old, my mother told me that happiness was the key to life. When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up. I wrote down “happy”. They told me I didn’t understand the assignment, and I told them they didn’t understand life.”
“Inner peace is the ultimate source of a happy life.” – Dalai Lama
“Happiness is the reward we getfor living to the highest right we know.” – Richard Bach
“When one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see one which has been opened for us.” Hellen Keller
“One of the happiest moments in life is when you find the courage to let go of what you can’t change.”
“There can be no happiness if the things we believe in are different from the things we do.” Freya Stark
“Happiness is always the serendipitous result of looking for something else.” Dr. Idel Dreimer
“Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness, and the word happy would lose it’s meaning if it were not balanced by sadness. It is far better to take the things as they come along with patience and equanimity.” – Carl Jung
“When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive, to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.” Marcus Aurelius
“Doing what you like is freedom. Liking what you do is happiness.” – Frank Tyger
Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life.” Omar Khayyam
“Boredom is the feeling that everything is a waste of time, serenity, that nothing is.” Thomas Szasz
“He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe.” Marcus Aurelius
“Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise.” – Victor Hugo
“Happiness depends more on how life strikes you than on what happens” – Andy Rooney
“You’ll never find a rainbow if you’re looking down.” Charlie Chaplin
“If you always attach positive emotions to the things you want, and never attch negative emotions to the things you don’t, then that which you desire most will invariably come your way.” – Matt D. Miller
“To be without some of the things you want is an indispensable part of happiness.” Bertrand Russell
“Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.”  – Marthe Troly-Curin
“If you observe a really happy man you will find him building a boat, writing a symphony, educating his son, growing double dahlias in his garden, or looking for dinosaur eggs in the Gobi desert. He will not be searching for happiness as it were a collar button that has rolled undder the radiator. He will not be striving for it as a goal in itself. He will have become aware that he is happy in the course of living twenty four crowded hours of the day.” – W Beran Wolfe
“Happiness always looks small, while you hold it in your hands, but let it go and you learn at once how big and preciousit is.” – Maxim Gorky
“Let your smile change the world, but don’t let the world change your smile.”
“Be happy what you have. Be excited about what you want.” Alan Cohen
“The happiness of life is made up for little charities of a kiss or smile, a kind look, a heartfelt compliment.” Samuel Taylor Coleridge
“We are no longer happy as soon as we wish to be happier.” – Walter Savage Landor
“Happiness is where we find it, but rarely where we seek it.” – J. Petit
“View your life from your funeral, looking back at your life experiences, what have you accomplished? What would you have wanted to accomplish but didn’t? What were the happy moments? What were the sad? What would you do again and what you wouldn’t” – Victor Frankl
“Happiness is a conscious choice, not an automatic respose.” – Mildred Barthel
“Hapiness is the interval between periods of unhappiness.” Don Marquis
“Happiness is a way station between too little and too much.” Channing Pollock
“All happiness or unhappiness soley depends upon the quality of the object to which we are attached by love.” – Baruch Spinoza
“Ups and downs. Victories and defeats. Sadness and happiness. Thats the best kind of life.” – Mxime Lagace
“Happiness is a state of mind, a way of perceiving and approaching ourselves and the world in which we reside. So if you want to be happy tomorrow, the day after, and for the rest of your life, you can do it by choosing to change and manage your state of mind.” – Sonia Lyubomirsky
“The secret to happiness is freedom, the secret of freedom is courage.” – Carrie Jones
“There is some kind of sweet innocence in being human, in not having the be just happy or just sad, in the nature of being able to be both broken and whole, at the same time.” – C. JoyBell C
“We cannot be happy if we expect to live all the time at the highest peaks of intensity. Happiness is not a matter of intensity but of balance and order and rhythm and harmony.” Thomas Merton
I think the key to life is just being a happy person, and happiness will bring you success.” – Diego Val
“The world is full of people looking for spectucular happiness while they snub contentment.” Doug Larson
“The essence of philosophy is that a man should so live that his happiness shall depend as little as possible on external things.” Epictetus
“Give a man health and a course to steer and he’ll never stop to trouble about whether he is happy or not.” George Bernard Shaw
“There is no cosmetic for beauty like happiness.” – Lady Blessington
“Happiness is well balanced combination of love, labour and luck” – Mark Wilson Little
“Happiness in this world, when it comes, comes incidentally. Make it the object of persuit, and it leads us a wild goose chase, and its never attained.” – Nathaniel Hawthorne
“If you are not happy here and now, you never will be.” – Taisen Deshimaru
“The secret or success is learning how to use pain and pleasure instead of having pain and pleasure use you. If you do that, you’re in control of your life. If you don’t life controls you.” Tony Robbins
“Two enemies of happiness are pain and boredom.” – Arthur Schopenhauer
“On the whole, the happiest people seem to be those who have to particular cause for being happy except that they are so,” – Williams R Inge
“Happy people plan actions, they don’t plan results.” – Dennis Waitley
“The only joy in the world is to begin.” – Cesare Pavese
“Happiness is a how, not a hat. A talent, not an object.” – Herman Hesse
“Gratitude is a vaccine, an antioxine and an antiseptic.” John Henry Jowett
“The deeper that sorrow carves into your being, the more joy you can contain. Is not the cup that holds your wine the very cup that was burned in the potters oven? And is not the lute that sooths your spirit, the very wood that was hollowed with knives. When you ar ejoyous, look deep into your heart and you shall find it is only that which gives you sorrow that is giving you joy. When you are sorrowful look again in your heart, and you shall see in truth that you are weeping for that which has been your delight.” Kahlil Gibran
“Success, in life, is most easily measured by the number of days you are truly happy.” – Eric Edmeades
“happiness resides not in possessions and not in gold, the feeling of happiness dwells in the soul.” Democritus
“Focus on the journey not the destination. Joy is found not in finishing an activity, but by doing it.” – Greg Anderson
You’re so much stronger than your excuses
Don’t compare yourself to others. Be like the sun and the moon and shine when it’s your time..
“I choose to make the rest of my life, the best of my life.” – Louise Hay
“Nothing can dim the light that shines from within.” – Maya Angelou
“Be so good they can’t ignore you.” – Steve Martin
“Take criticism seriously, but not personally. If there is truth or merit in the criticism, try to learn from it. Otherwise, let it roll right off you.” – Hillary Clinton
“This is a reminder to you to create your own rule book, and live your life the way you want it.” – Reese Evans
“If you don’t get out of the box you’ve been raised in, you won’t understand how much bigger the world is.” – Angelina Jolie
“Do the best you can. No one can do more than that.” – John Wooden
“Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.” – Theodore Roosevelt
‘It’s never too late to be what you might’ve been.” – George Eliot
“If you can dream it, you can do it.” – Walt Disney
“Trust yourself that you can do it and get it.” – Baz Luhrmann
“Don’t let what you can’t do interfere with what you can do.” – Unknown
“You can do anything you set your mind to.” – Benjamin Franklin
“All we can do is the best we can do.” – David Axelrod
“You never know what you can do until you try.” – William Cobbett
“Twenty years from now you’ll be more disappointed by the things you did not do than the ones you did.” – Mark Twain
“I am thankful for all of those who said NO to me. It’s because of them I’m doing it myself.” – Wayne W. Dyer
It’s okay to outgrow people who don’t grow. Grow tall anyways.
When you feel like giving up just remember that there are a lot of people you still have to prove wrong.
“The world is full of nice people. If you can’t find one, be one.” – Nishan Panwar
“Believe in yourself, take on your challenges, dig deep within yourself to conquer fears. Never let anyone bring you down. You got to keep going.” – Chantal Sutherland
“A walk to a nearby park may give you more energy and inspiration in life than spending two hours in front of a screen.” – Tsang Lindsay
“If you can’t do anything about it then let it go. Don’t be a prisoner to things you can’t change.” – Tony Gaskins
“You can’t go back and change the beginning, but you can start where you are and change the ending.” – C.S. Lewis
“Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself.” – Rumi
“I can and I will. Watch me.” – Carrie Green
“Try not to become a man of success, but rather become a man of value.” – Albert Einstein
“A winner is a dreamer who never gives up.” – Nelson Mandela
“If you don’t have a competitive advantage, don’t compete.” – Jack Welch
“The only thing standing in the way between you and your goal is the BS story you keep telling yourself as to why you can’t achieve it.” – Jordan Belfort
“What is life without a little risk?” – J.K. Rowling
“Only do what your heart tells you.” – Princess Diana
“If it’s a good idea, go ahead and do it. It’s much easier to apologize than it is to get permission.” – Grace Hopper
“I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took an excuse.” – Florence Nightingale
“The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me.” – Ayn Rand
“A surplus of effort could overcome a deficit of confidence.” – Sonia Sotomayer
“And, when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.” ― Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist
“Your playing small does not serve the world. There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won’t feel insecure around you. We are all meant to shine, as children do.” – Marianne Williamson, A Return to Love: Reflections on the Principles of “A Course in Miracles”
“Don’t think or judge, just listen.”― Sarah Dessen, Just Listen
“I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it.” – Maya Angelou, Letter to My Daughter
“Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.” ― Martin Luther King Jr., A Testament of Hope: The Essential Writings and Speeches
“You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. You’re on your own. And you know what you know. And YOU are the one who’ll decide where to go…” ― Dr. Seuss, Oh, the Places You’ll Go!
“It’s the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting.” ― Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist
“There is some good in this world, and it’s worth fighting for.” – J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers
“Learn to light a candle in the darkest moments of someone’s life. Be the light that helps others see; it is what gives life its deepest significance.”― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart
“Atticus, he was real nice.” “Most people are, Scout, when you finally see them.” ― Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird
“Oh yes, the past can hurt. But the way I see it, you can either run from it or learn from it.” – The Lion King
“We’re on the brink of adventure, children. Don’t spoil it with questions.” – Mary Poppins
“Life moves pretty fast. If you don’t stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.”– Ferris Bueller
“I just wanna let them know that they didn’t break me.” – Pretty in Pink
“I’m going to make him an offer he can’t refuse.” – The Godfather
“No one has ever made a difference by being like everyone else.” – The Greatest Showman
“Spend a little more time trying to make something of yourself and a little less time trying to impress people.” – The Breakfast Club
“The problem is not the problem. The problem is your attitude about the problem.” – Pirates of the Caribbean
“Remember you’re the one who can fill the world with sunshine.” – Snow White
“You’ll have bad times, but it’ll always wake you up to the good stuff you weren’t paying attention to.” – Good Will Hunting
“And when you get the choice to sit it out or dance… I hope you dance.” – I Hope You Dance, Lee Ann Womack
“Just because it burns doesn’t mean you’re gonna die you’ve gotta get up and try.” – Try, P!nk
“Life’s a game made for everyone and love is the prize” – Wake Me Up, Avicii
“It’s a new dawn, it’s a new day, it’s a life for me and I’m feeling good.” – Feeling Good, Michael Buble
“Today is where your book begins, the rest is still unwritten.” – Unwritten, Natasha Bedingfield
“A million dreams for the world we’re gonna make’ – The Greatest Showman
“It’s my life It’s now or never I ain’t gonna live forever I just want to live while I’m alive” – It’s My Life, Bon Jovi
“I could build a castle out of all the bricks they threw at me” – New Romantics, Taylor Swift
“Cause the grass is greener under me bright as technicolor, I can tell that you can see” – Sorry Not Sorry, Demi Lovato
“Every day women and men become legends” – Glory, John Legend and Common
“On my own I will just create and if it works, it works. And if it doesn’t, I’ll just create something else. I don’t have any limitations on what I think I could do or be.” – Oprah Winfrey
“We realize the importance of our voices only when we are silenced.” – Malala Yousafzai
“We need to accept that we won’t always make the right decisions, that we’ll screw up royally sometimes – understanding that failure is not the opposite of success, it’s part of success.” – Arianna Huffington
“Don’t compromise yourself. You’re all you’ve got.” – Janis Joplin
“When something I can’t control happens, I ask myself: Where is the hidden gift? Where is the positive in this?” – Sara Blakely
“Doubt is a killer. You just have to know who you are and what you stand for. “ – Jennifer Lopez
“Be a first rate version of yourself, not a second rate version of someone else.” – Judy Garland
“Learn from the mistakes of others. You can’t live long enough to make them all yourself.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
“I was smart enough to go through any door that opened.” – Joan Rivers
“Done is better than perfect.” – Sheryl Sandberg
“If your dreams don’t scare you, they are too small.” – Richard Branson
“Today is your opportunity to build the tomorrow you want.” – Ken Poirot
“What hurts you blesses you.” – Rumi
‘Nothing is stronger than a broken man rebuilding himself.” – Unknown
“I always thought it was me against the world and then one day I realized it’s just me against me.” – Kendrick Lamar
“A man is not finished when he is defeated. He is finished when he quits.” – Richard Nixon
“The world is changed by your example, not by your opinion.” – Paulo Coelho
“If you don’t build your dream, someone else will hire you to help them build theirs.” – Dhirubhai Ambani
“I’m not in this world to live up to your expectations and you’re not in this world to live up to mine.” – Bruce Lee
“What’s right is what’s left if you do everything else wrong.” – Robin Williams
“Be a fruitloop in a world of Cheerios.” – Unknown
“Dream beautiful dreams, and then work to make those dreams come true.” – Spencer W. Kimball
“Be the change you want to see in the world.” – Mahatma Gandhi
“Believe you can and you will.” – Unknown
“Do the right thing even when no one is looking.” – Unknown
“Make today the day you learn something new.” –Unknown
“Be silly, be honest, be kind.’ – Ralph Waldo Emerson
“If you think someone could use a friend. Be one.” – Unknown
“It’s not what happens to you but how you react to it that matters.” – Epictetus
“You don’t have to be perfect to be amazing.” – Unknown
“The best way to predict your future is to create it.” – Abraham Lincoln
“Successful people are not gifted; they just work hard, then succeed on purpose.” – G.K. Nielson
“Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.” – Sam Levenson
“Work until your rivals become idols.” – Drake
“You can’t have a million dollar dream on a minimum wage work ethic.” – Unknown
“You must do the kind of things you think you cannot do.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
“It’s not what you do once in a while it’s what you do day in and day out that makes the difference.” – Jenny Craig
“Falling down is how we grow. Staying down is how we die.” – Brian Vaszily
“Wealth isn’t about having a lot of money it’s about having a lot of options.” – Chris Rock
“There may be people that have more talent than you, but there’s no excuse for anyone to work harder than you.” – Derek Jeter
“Always be careful when you follow the masses. Sometimes the m is silent.” – Unknown
Never let anyone treat you like you’re regular glue. You’re glitter glue.
“If you fall – I’ll be there.” – Floor
“When Plan “A” doesn’t work, don’t worry, you still have 25 more letters to go through.” – Unknown
“If you think you’re too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito.” – Dalai Lama
“If at first you don’t succeed, then skydiving isn’t for you.” – Steven Wright
“A diamond is merely a lump of coal that did well under pressure.” – Unknown
“I find television very educational. Every time someone turns it on, I go in the other room and read a book.’ – Groucho Marx
“Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door.” – Kyle Chandler
“I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work.” – Thomas A. Edison
“You could rattle the stars,” she whispered. “You could do anything, if only you dared. And deep down, you know it, too. That’s what scares you most.” ― Sarah J. Maas
“It is only when we take chances, when our lives improve. The initial and the most difficult risk that we need to take is to become honest. – Walter Anderson
“The adventure of life is to learn. The purpose of life is to grow. The nature of life is to change. The challenge of life is to overcome. The essence of life is to care. The opportunity of like is to serve. The secret of life is to dare. The spice of life is to befriend. The beauty of life is to give.” – William Arthur Ward
“When you know your worth, no one can make you feel worthless.” – Unknown
“If you’ve never eaten while crying you don’t know what life tastes like.” – Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
“If you judge people, you have no time to love them.” – Mother Teresa
“Once you do know what the question actually is, you’ll know what the answer means.”– Douglas Adams
“The two most important days in your life are the day you’re born and the day you find out why.” – Mark Twain
“Nothing ever goes away until it teaches us what we need to know.” – Pema Chodron
‘We can see through others only when we can see through ourselves.” – Bruce Lee
“You don’t get paid for the hour. You get paid for the value you bring to the hour.” – JIm Rohn
“Be an Encourager: When you encourage others, you boost their self-esteem, enhance their self-confidence, make them work harder, lift their spirits and make them successful in their endeavors. Encouragement goes straight to the heart and is always available. Be an encourager. Always.” ― Roy T. Bennett
“Remember, you have been criticizing yourself for years and it hasn’t worked. Try approving of yourself and see what happens.” –Louise L Hay
“Work hard and don’t give up hope. Be open to criticism and keep learning. Surround yourself with happy, warm and genuine people.” – Tena Desae
“Stay true to yourself, yet always be open to learn. Work hard, and never give up on your dreams, even when nobody else believes they can come true but you. These are not cliches but real tools you need no matter what you do in life to stay focused on your path.” – Phillip Sweet
“You can control two things: your work ethic and your attitude about anything.” – Ali Krieger
“Success isn’t always about greatness. It’s about consistency. Consistent hard work leads to success. Greatness will come.” – Dwayne Johnson
“One, remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Two, never give up work. Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it. Three, if you are lucky enough to find love, remember it is there and don’t throw it away.” ― Stephen Hawking
“Some women choose to follow men, and some women choose to follow their dreams. If you’re wondering which way to go, remember that your career will never wake up and tell you that it doesn’t love you anymore.” ― Lady Gaga
“Read, read, read. Read everything — trash, classics, good and bad, and see how they do it. Just like a carpenter who works as an apprentice and studies the master. Read! You’ll absorb it. Then write. If it’s good, you’ll find out. If it’s not, throw it out of the window.”― William Faulkner
“I really appreciate people who correct me, because without them, I might have been repeating mistakes for a long time.” – Mufti Menk
“Motivation comes from working on things we care about.” – Sheryl Sandberg
“If today you are a little bit better than you were yesterday, then that’s enough.” – David A. Bednar
“Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.” – Nelson Mandela
“If you can’t make a mistake you can’t make anything.” – Marva Collin
“Practice makes progress not perfect.” – Unknown
“You may be disappointed if you fail, but you’ll be doomed if you don’t try.” – Beverly Sills
“Failure is the tuition you pay for success.” – Walter Brunell
“If we wait until we’re ready, we’ll be waiting for the rest of our lives.” – Lemony Snicket
“Study while others are sleeping; work while others are loafing; prepare while others are playing; and dream while others are wishing.” – William Arthur Ward
“The best revenge is massive success.” – Frank Sinatra
“What’s on the other side of fear? Nothing.” – Jamie Foxx
“Quitters never win. Winners never quit!” Dr. Irene C. Kassorla
“It’s not your salary that makes you rich, it’s your spending habits.” – Charles A. Jaffe
“If there is no wind, row.” – Latin Proverb
“It’s never too late for a new beginning in your life.” – Joyce Meyers
“If opportunity doesn’t knock build a door.” – Milton Berle
“Action is the foundational key to all success.” – Pablo Picasso
“I never dreamt of success. I worked for it.” – Estee Lauder
“A goal is a dream with a deadline.” – Napoleon Hill
“Be the change that you wish to see in the world.”― Mahatma Gandhi
“Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.” ― Margaret Mead
“Change is painful, but nothing is as painful as staying stuck somewhere you don’t belong.” – Mandy Hale
“Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.” – George Bernard Shaw
“Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.”― Leo Tolstoy
“Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.” – John F. Kennedy
“We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone through to achieve that beauty.”― Maya Angelou
“Dreams are the seeds of change. Nothing ever grows without a seed, and nothing ever changes without a dream.” – Debby Boone
“Here’s to the crazy ones. The misfits. The rebels. The troublemakers. The round pegs in the square holes. The ones who see things differently. They’re not fond of rules. And they have no respect for the status quo. You can quote them, disagree with them, glorify or vilify them. About the only thing you can’t do is ignore them. Because they change things. They push the human race forward. And while some may see them as the crazy ones, we see genius. Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.”― Rob Siltanen
“It’s not your salary that makes you rich, it’s your spending habits.” – Charles A. Jaffe
“Don’t stay in bed unless you can make money in bed.” – George Burns
“You must gain control over your money or the lack of it will forever control you.” – Dave Ramsey
“Only buy something that you’d be perfectly happy to hold if the market shuts down for ten years.”– Warren Buffett
“That man is richest whose pleasures are cheapest.”– Henry David Thoreau
“Money can’t buy happiness, but it can make you awfully comfortable while you’re being miserable.” ― Clare Boothe Luce
“Money is only a tool. It will take you wherever you wish, but it will not replace you as the driver.” ― Jen Sincero
“You’re already a financial trader. You might not think of it in just this way, but if you work for a living, you’re trading your time for money. Frankly, it’s just about the worst trade you can make. Why? You can always get more money, but you can’t get more time.” – Tony Robbins
“You can only become truly accomplished at something you love. Don’t make money your goal. Instead pursue the things you love doing and then do them so well that people can’t take their eyes off of you.”― Maya Angelou
“Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune.” –Jim Rohn
“Don’t give up, don’t take anything personally, and don’t take no for an answer.” – Sophia Amoruso
“Don’t be upset when people reject you. Nice things are rejected all the time by people who can’t afford them.” – Unknown
“The secret of change is to focus all your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new.” – Socrates
“There are two rules for success. 1: Never reveal everything you know.” – Roger H. Lincoln
“Your positive action combined with positive thinking results in success.” – Shiv Khera
“Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do”  ― Pele
“If you talk about it, it’s a dream. If you envision it, it’s possible. If you schedule it, it’s real.” – Tony Robbins
“Forget your excuses. You either want it bad or don’t want it at all.” – Unknown
“The key to success is to start before you are ready.” – Marie Forleo
“I want to be remembered as the one who tried.” – Dr. Dorothy Height
“How to stop time: kiss. How to travel in time: read. How to escape time: music. How to feel time: write. How to release time: breathe.” ― Matt Haig
“Time is what we want most and what we use worst.” – William Penn
“It’s not about having enough time, it’s about making enough time.”― Rachael Bermingham
“Time is money.” – Benjamin Franklin
“Better three hours too soon than a minute too late.” – William Shakespeare
“The trouble is, you think you have time.” –Buddha
“The greatest gift you could give someone is your time. Because when you give your time, you are giving a portion of your life you can’t get back.” – Unknown
“Punctuality is not just limited to arriving at a place at right time, it is also about taking actions at right time.” ― Amit Kalantri
“Time always exposes what you mean to someone.” – Unknown
“After all this time? Always.” – J.K. Rowling
“You can’t let your failures define you. You have to let your failures teach you.” – Barack Obama
“Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can’t lose.” – Bill Gates
“Stop being afraid of what could go wrong, and start being excited about what could go right.” – Tony Robbins
“Think like a Queen. A Queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another stepping stone to greatness.” – Oprah
“Defeat is a state of mind; no one is ever defeated until defeat is accepted as a reality.” – Bruce Lee
“Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.” – Confucius
“It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might as well not have lived at all – in which case, you fail by default.” – J.K. Rowling
“Success is going from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm” – Winston Churchill
“Why do we grieve failures longer than we celebrate wins?” – Komal Kapoor
“Failure isn’t the end of the road. It’s a big red flag saying to you ‘Wrong way. Turn around.’” – Oprah Winfrey
Whenever you feel like a failure, just remember that even Coca Cola only sold 25 bottles their first year
“No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.” – Robin Williams
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” – Albert Einstein
“You’re off to Great Places! Today is your day! Your mountain is waiting, so… get on your way!” – Dr. Seuss
“When thinking about life, remember this: no amount of guilt can change the past and no amount of anxiety can change the future.” – Unknown
“A negative mind will never give you a positive life.” – Unknown
“Everything is hard before it is easy.” – Goethe
“At the end of the day we can endure much more than we think we can.” – Frida Kahlo
“Whatever you do never run back to what broke you.” – Frank Ocean
“Take the risk or lose the chance.” – Unknown
“I didn’t learn to be quiet when I had an opinion. The reason they knew who I was is because I told them.” – Ursula Burns
“Never regret a day in your life. Good days bring you happiness and bad days give you experience.” – Unknown
“Either you run the day, or the day runs you.” – Jim Rohn
“Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.” – Carol Burnett
“Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.” – Charles R. Swindoll
“Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.” – William James
When the pain of an obstacle is too great, challenge yourself to be stronger.
“Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.” – Will Rogers
“Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.” – Marcus Aurelius
“Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.” Helen Keller
“The woman who follows the crowd will usually go no further than the crowd. The woman who walks alone is likely to find herself in places no one has been before.’ – Albert Einstein
“Life’s like a movie, write your own ending. Keep believing, keep pretending.” – Jim Hensen
“A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies. The man who never reads lives only one.” ― George R.R. Martin
“I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book.”― Groucho Marx
“Never stop learning because life never stops teaching.” –Unknown
“If you’re the smartest person in the room, you’re in the wrong room.” – Unknown
“The capacity to learn is a gift; the ability to learn is a skill; the willingness to learn is a choice.”– Brian Herbert
“The man who does not read has no advantage over the man who cannot read.”― Mark Twain
“To learn a language is to have one more window from which to look at the world.” – Chinese Proverb
“I’m still learning.” – Michelangelo
“Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.” – Mahatma Gandhi
“Education is the most powerful weapon you can use to change the world.” – Nelson Mandela
“Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength.” – Arnold Schwarzenegger
“If it doesn’t challenge you, it doesn’t change you.” – Fred DeVito
“A dream doesn’t become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination and hard work.” – Colin Powell
“Every night her thoughts weighed heavily on her soul but every morning she would get up and fight another day, every night she survived.” – R.H. Sin
“Still, I rise.” – Maya Angelou
“The best thing you can do is MASTER the chaos in you. You are not thrown into the fire, you ARE the fire.” – Mama Indigo
“Flowers grow back even after the harshest winters. You will too.” – Jennae Cecilia
“Life has many ways of testing a person’s will, either by having nothing happen at all or by having everything happen all at once.” – Paulo Coelho
“Be strong enough to let go and wise enough to wait for what you deserve.” – Author Unknown
“It’s okay to be a glowstick: Sometimes we have to break before we shine.” – Jadah Sellner
“What is coming is better than what is gone.” – Unknown
“Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.”― Roy T. Bennett
“Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them.”― Marcus Aurelius
“Do something today that your future self will thank you for.” –Unknown
“The greatest weapon against stress is the ability to choose one thought over another.” – William James
“It takes nothing to join the crowd. It takes everything to stand alone.” – Hans F. Hansen
“Your mind is powerful. When you fill it with positive thoughts your whole world will change.” – Unknown
“Your only limit is your mind.” – Unknown
“Stop being afraid of what can go wrong and start being positive about what can go right.” – Unknown
“The difference between who you are and who you want to be is what you do.” – Unknown
“You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win.” – Zig Ziglar
“One thing’s for sure, if you don’t play, you don’t win.” – Kylie Francis
“Winning means you’re willing to go longer, work harder, and give more than anyone else.” – Vince Lombardi
“Talent wins games, but teamwork wins championships.” – Michael Jordan
“When I win and when I lose, I take ownership of it, because I really am in charge of what I do.” – Nicki Minaj
“A champion is afraid of losing. Everyone else is afraid of winning.” – Billie Jean King
‘Competing at the highest level is not about winning. It’s about preparation, courage, understanding, nurturing your people, and heart. Winning is the result.” – Joe Torre
“A winner is a dreamer who never gives up.” – Nelson Mandela
“The secret of your future is hidden in your daily routine.” – Mike Murdock
“Losers quit when they fail. Winners fail until they succeed.” –Robert T. Kiyosaki
“It is never too late to be what you might have been.” – George Eliot
“Words can inspire, thoughts can provoke, but only action truly brings you closer to your dreams.” – Brad Sugars
“Don’t stop when you are tired. Stop when you are done.” – Unknown
“Don’t tell people about your dreams. Show them your dreams.” – Unknown
“Revenge is a powerful motivator.” – Marcus Luttrell
“Motivation may be what starts you off, but it’s habit that keeps you going back for more.”  – Miya Yamanouchi
“I will not erase all my hard work this week because it’s the weekend.” – Unknown
“It might not be easy but it’ll be worth it.” – Unknown
“Make your fear of losing your greatest motivator.” – Unknown
“You will never always be motivated, so you must learn to be disciplined.” –Unknown
“I’m not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.” – Stephen Covey
“All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.” – Walt Disney
“The secret of getting ahead is getting started.” – Mark Twain
“I’ve missed more than 9,000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.” – Michael Jordan
“Don’t limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you. What you believe, remember, you can achieve.” – Mary Kay Ash
“The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.” – Chinese Proverb
“Only the paranoid survive.” – Andy Grove
“It’s hard to beat a person who never gives up.” – Babe Ruth
“I wake up every morning and think to myself, ‘how far can I push this company in the next 24 hours.’” – Leah Busque
“If people are doubting how far you can go, go so far that you can’t hear them anymore.” – Michele Ruiz
“We need to accept that we won’t always make the right decisions, that we’ll screw up royally sometimes – understanding that failure is not the opposite of success, it’s part of success.” – Arianna Huffington
“Write it. Shoot it. Publish it. Crochet it, sauté it, whatever. MAKE.” – Joss Whedon
“You’ve gotta dance like there’s nobody watching, love like you’ll never be hurt, sing like there’s nobody listening, and live like it’s heaven on earth.” ― William W. Purkey
“Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.”― Neil Gaiman
“Everything you can imagine is real.”― Pablo Picasso
“When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.” ― Helen Keller
“Do one thing every day that scares you.”― Eleanor Roosevelt
“It’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.”― Lewis Carroll
“Smart people learn from everything and everyone, average people from their experiences, stupid people already have all the answers.” – Socrates
“Do what you feel in your heart to be right – for you’ll be criticized anyway.”― Eleanor Roosevelt
“Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.” ― Dalai Lama XIV
“Whatever you are, be a good one.” ― Abraham Lincoln
“The same boiling water that softens the potato hardens the egg. It’s what you’re made of. Not the circumstances.” – Unknown
“If we have the attitude that it’s going to be a great day it usually is.” – Catherine Pulsifier
“You can either experience the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. The choice is yours.”  – Unknown
“Impossible is just an opinion.” – Paulo Coelho
“Your passion is waiting for your courage to catch up.” – Isabelle Lafleche
“Magic is believing in yourself. If you can make that happen, you can make anything happen.” – Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
“If something is important enough, even if the odds are stacked against you, you should still do it.” – Elon Musk
“Hold the vision, trust the process.” – Unknown
“Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.” – John D. Rockefeller
“People who wonder if the glass is half empty or full miss the point. The glass is refillable.” – Unknown
“Just another Magic Monday” – Unknown
“One day or day one. You decide.” – Unknown
“It’s Monday… time to motivate and make dreams and goals happen. Let’s go!” – Heather Stillufsen
“It was a Monday and they walked on a tightrope to the sun.”― Marcus Zusak
“Goodbye blue Monday.” ― Kurt Vonnegut
“So. Monday. We meet again. We will never be friends—but maybe we can move past our mutual enmity toward a more-positive partnership.” ― Julio-Alexi Genao
“When life gives you Monday, dip it in glitter and sparkle all day.” – Ella Woodword
Monday c’est Mon Day
All Motivation Mondays need are a little more coffee and a lot more mascara
I’m alive, motivated and ready to slay the day #MONSLAY
“No one is to blame for your future situation but yourself. If you want to be successful, then become “Successful.”― Jaymin Shah
“Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.”― Abraham Lincoln
“Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.”― Thomas Edison
“Every sucessful person in the world is a hustler one way or another. We all hustle to get where we need to be. Only a fool would sit around and wait on another man to feed him.” ― K’wan
“Invest in your dreams. Grind now. Shine later.” – Unknown
“Hustlers don’t sleep, they nap.” – Unknown
“Greatness only comes before hustle in the dictionary.” – Ross Simmonds
“Without hustle, talent will only carry you so far.” – Gary Vaynerchuk
“Work like there is someone working twenty four hours a day to take it away from you.” – Mark Cuban
“Hustle in silence and let your success make the noise.” – Unknown
“We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.” – Aristotle
“If you’re offered a seat on a rocket ship, don’t ask what seat! Just get on.” – Sheryl Sandberg
“I always did something I was a little not ready to do. I think that’s how you grow. When there’s that moment of ‘Wow, I’m not really sure I can do this,’ and you push through those moments, that’s when you have a breakthrough.” – Marissa Mayer
“If you hear a voice within you say ‘you cannot paint,’ then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced.” – Vincent Van Gogh
“How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.” – Anne Frank
“Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen.” – Michael Jordan
“Great things are done by a series of small things brought together” – Vincent Van Gogh
“If you hire people just because they can do a job, they’ll work for your money. But if you hire people who believe what you believe, they’ll work for you with blood and sweat and tears.” – Simon Sinek
“Very often, a change of self is needed more than a change of scene.’ – A.C. Benson
“Leaders can let you fail and yet not let you be a failure.” – Stanley McChrystal
“It’s not the load that breaks you down, it’s the way you carry it.” – Lou Holtz
“The hard days are what make you stronger.” – Aly Raisman
“If you believe it’ll work out, you’ll see opportunities. If you don’t believe it’ll work out, you’ll see obstacles.” – Wayne Dyer
“Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.” – Theodore Roosevelt
“You can waste your lives drawing lines. Or you can live your life crossing them.” – Shonda Rhimes
“You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction.” – George Lorimer
“I now tried a new hypothesis: It was possible that I was more in charge of my happiness than I was allowing myself to be.” – Michelle Obama
“In a gentle way, you can shake the world.” – Mahatma Gandhi
“If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.” – Kurt Cobain
“Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.” – Roy T. Bennett
“Work hard in silence, let your success be the noise.” – Frank Ocean
“Don’t say you don’t have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Helen Keller, Pasteur, Michelangelo, Mother Teresa, Leonardo Da Vinci, Thomas Jefferson, and Albert Einstein.” – H. Jackson Brown Jr.
“Hard work beats talent when talent doesn’t work hard.” – Tim Notke
“If everything seems to be under control, you’re not going fast enough.” – Mario Andretti
“Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.” – Thomas Edison
“The only difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.” – Jimmy Johnson
“The best way to appreciate your job is to imagine yourself without one.” – Oscar Wilde
“Unsuccessful people make their decisions based on their current situations. Successful people make their decisions based on where they want to be.” – Benjamin Hardy
“Never stop doing your best just because someone doesn’t give you credit.” – Kamari aka Lyrikal
“Work hard for what you want because it won’t come to you without a fight. You have to be strong and courageous and know that you can do anything you put your mind to. If somebody puts you down or criticizes you, just keep on believing in yourself and turn it into something positive.” – Leah LaBelle
“Work hard, be kind, and amazing things will happen.” – Conan O’Brien
“The miracle is not that we do this work, but that we are happy to do it.” – Mother Teresa
“Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway.” – Earl Nightingale
“If you work on something a little bit every day, you end up with something that is massive.” – Kenneth Goldsmith
“The big secret in life is that there is no secret. Whatever your goal, you can get there if you’re willing to work.” – Oprah Winfrey
“If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.” – Napoleon Hill
“Never allow a person to tell you no who doesn’t have the power to say yes.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
“At any given moment you have the power to say: this is not how the story is going to end.” – Unknown
“Amateus sit around and wait for inspiration. The rest of us just get up and go to work.” – Stephen King
“Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking. Don’t settle. As with all matters of the heart, you’ll know when you find it.” – Steve Jobs
“Nothing will work unless you do.” – Maya Angelou
“Sometimes when you’re in a dark place you think you’ve been buried but you’ve actually been planted.” – Christine Caine
“Don’t limit your challenges. Challenge your limits.” – Unknown
“Whenever you find yourself doubting how far you can go, just remember how far you have come.” – Unknown
“Everyone has inside them a piece of good news. The good news is you don’t know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is.” – Anne Frank
“Some luck lies in not getting what you thought you wanted but getting what you have, which once you have got it you may be smart enough to see is what you would have wanted had you known.” – Garrison Keillor
“Don’t quit yet, the worst moments are usually followed by the most beautiful silver linings. You have to stay strong, remember to keep your head up and remain hopeful.” – Unknown
“When written in Chinese the word “crisis” is composed of two characters – one represents danger and the other represents opportunity.” – John F Kennedy
“Good. Better. Best. Never let it rest. ‘Til your good is better and your better is best.” – St. Jerome.
“In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.” – Albert Einstein
“Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.” – Arthur Ashe
“Dreams don’t work unless you do.” – John C. Maxwell
“Go the extra mile. It’s never crowded there.” – Dr. Wayne D. Dyer
“Keep your face always toward the sunshine – and shadows will fall behind you.” – Walt Whitman
“What defines us is how well we rise after falling.” – Lionel from Maid in Manhattan Movie
H.O.P.E. = Hold On. Pain Ends.
Make each day your masterpiece. – John Wooden
“Wherever you go, go with all your heart” – Confucius
“Turn your wounds into wisdom” – Oprah
“We can do anything we want to if we stick to it long enough.” – Helen Keller
“Begin anywhere.” – John Cage
“Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do.” – Pele
“Would you like me to give you a formula for success? It’s quite simple, really: Double your rate of failure. You are thinking of failure as the enemy of success. But it isn’t at all. You can be discouraged by failure or you can learn from it, so go ahead and make mistakes. Make all you can. Because remember that’s where you will find success.” – Thomas J. Watson
“Every champion was once a contender that didn’t give up.” – Gabby Douglas
“To be a champion, I think you have to see the big picture. It’s not about winning and losing; it’s about every day hard work and about thriving on a challenge. It’s about embracing the pain that you’ll experience at the end of a race and not being afraid. I think people think too hard and get afraid of a certain challenge.” – Summer Sanders
Don’t dream about success. Get out there and work for it.
“The difference between successful people and very successful people is that very successful people say ‘no’ to almost everything.” – Warren Buffett
You can cry, scream, and bang your head in frustration but keep pushing forward. It’s worth it.
“I hated every minute of training, but I said, ‘Don’t quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.” – Muhammad Ali
“Opportunities don’t happen. You create them.” – Chris Grosser
“Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.” – Maya Angelou
“If you obey all the rules, you miss all the fun.” – Katharine Hepburn
“You were born to be a player. You were meant to be here. This moment is yours.” – Herb Brooks
“Life is not what you alone make it. Life is the input of everyone who touched your life and every experience that entered it. We are all part of one another.” – Yuri Kochiyama
“When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang out.” – Abraham Lincoln
“Never regret anything that made you smile.” – Mark Twain
“You must do the thing you think you cannot do.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
“If you want to fly give up everything that weighs you down.” – Buddha
“Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.” – Suzy Kassem
“I never lose. Either I win or learn.” – Nelson Mandela
“Today is your opportunity to build the tomorrow you want.” – Ken Poirot
“Getting over a painful experience is much like crossing the monkey bars. You have to let go at some point in order to move forward.” – C.S. Lewis
“Focus on being productive instead of busy.” – Tim Ferriss
“You don’t need to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.” – Martin Luther King Jr.
“It’s not all sunshine and rainbows, but a good amount of it actually is.” – Unknown
When someone says you can’t do it, do it twice and take pictures.
“I didn’t get there by wishing for it, but by working for it.” – Estee Lauder
“She remembered who she was and the game changed.” – Lalah Deliah
“If you’re too comfortable, it’s time to move on. Terrified of what’s next? You’re on the right track.” – Susan Fales-Hill
“Be happy with what you have while working for what you want.” – Helen Keller
“Sunshine all the time makes a desert.” – Arabic Proverb
“The big lesson in life is never be scared of anyone or anything.” – Frank Sinatra